Joe let's ladies and gentlemen Joe
lisped oh I'm already going to do it
like one of the morning DJ guys I
appreciate Hey Joe I hear you're in town
for the funny fuck I am doing the funny
fuck this weekend tonight through Sunday
excellent actually you are working with
me tonight yeah two sold-out shows at
the Hollywood improv I appreciate it I'm
excited it's gonna be fun it's gonna be
the Machine Bert Kreischer love Bert and
cheeto Santino Andrew Santino you know
Andrew I know I know and I don't know if
I don't know him personally just no one
knows me hilarious yeah yeah should be a
good old fucking time
yeah thanks for having my pleasure my
putting you down for I leave tomorrow
morning right here on Sunday I got here
Saturday actually I stayed down
Manhattan Beach what are you doing the
posh hanging out with the people by the
beach that was night was down the
airport my wife is here and I said let's
go down in Manhattan Beach for lunch and
we were enjoying ourselves so we got a
hotel and made love and walked on the
way went to a party once in Manhattan
Beach and the guy collected toasters huh
and I was like what is this and he was
like oh I just collect toasters I'm like
okay from all different time periods
like he had a luncheon toaster from like
the 50's with all this patina on it and
then he had modern toasters but he I
think he was trying too hard
you know though some dudes just wear
bowling shoes and shit they just try too
hard to be whacking yeah it was he like
a hipster was an old it was a girl he
was a guy who's trying to fuck my
girlfriend oh and she wanted to go to
this party all right
Wow I think she was an actress and I
think he was in the movie business
imagine getting cooked by a toaster yeah
collector yeah almost did well it wasn't
it was one of them squirrely deals where
she was like say I'm so not interested
in him I just want to go this party for
Network thing I was a young lad I had
just moved to Hollywood it did not know
the ways of this goofy fucking town yet
yeah I hadn't uh I hadn't exercised
myself from Hollywood in protect you
know right I was still doing the thing
acting going on auditions and shit
mm-hmm so it was like you when you first
get here you're like what is this
especially in the 90s it
super squirrely because everybody was
trying to get a development deal and
everybody was trying to get a sitcom and
they kind of like let you think that
that was the only way right I have to
get a sitcom I want to be like Roseanne
why don't you want to be like Tim Allen
what about Seinfeld he got a sitcom you
should get a sitcom damn when I get a
sitcom and so everybody was out here
just trying to do the acting thing I did
it for a while and after a while you
like these people are not worth it but
you did get a sitcom right yeah yeah
yeah I got a couple of them and I was on
a couple of them it seems like fun it's
fun stand-ups more fun yeah it's not
something I'd be interested in doing but
if you could do a sitcom with all
stand-ups that would be the shit that
would be the shit like if you if you
could do a sitcom with really good
writers who are cool and all the people
on the show were stand-ups that would be
fucking monstrous it's not usually like
that
no and it seems very what do you call it
corporate and you're gonna do this in
this and a lot of rules and stuff it
seems like podcasts are well they're
trying to make money you know and they
can't make money if people do things and
get people in trouble they say things
get people angry or someone calls up
human resources and Joe list was talking
about his dick yeah the craft service
lady heard it and now there's a lawsuit
I think with podcasts now most of us
comedians with podcasts have no chance
of getting any corporate job I don't
think that's true really I could offer
shit all the time I think that we don't
need it though right I think it's it
actually will get in the way have you
ever written on a sitcom no written on
anything when you write it there's a
trap that comics falling into that are
good writers they get this sitcom
writing gig and it's a sweet gig you get
paid thousands of dollars a week you
build your bills are covered so you feel
good but you're never going on the road
you're you're in town all the time
you're just doing sets around town so
you're pretending that you're still a
comic right but you're really a sitcom
writer who kind of like has a hobby
doing stand-up and you never develop on
the road and there's a bunch of guys do
you know Owen Smith I that's another guy
I don't know I've met amok amok in
hilarious yeah one of the best comics in
the world and he's just been spending so
many years doing these sitcoms like I
saw him one night at the comic storm
like how the fuck is this guy
not gigantic like how does he not have a
Netflix our that everyone's talking
about how is it everybody not trying to
book in places that's just because he's
been doing this this sitcom writer thing
he's trying to break out of that now
though Tommy John against another guy
you know Tommy John I've heard of him
he's one of the best comedians I think
there is he's a writer but he's been
writing on a TV show but he's happy he
likes he's got two kids and it keeps him
off the road but to me it's a bummer as
a comedy phantom like I want to see a
new hour but he still I think he still
works a little bit yeah Mitch Hedberg
had a really funny bit about that about
how comedy look when your convenience
the only job or someone asks you to do
another job yeah yeah yeah it was
somebody I first moved to New York there
was a guy that was like do you do any
writing and I was like well I did all
that writing I wrote a whole that but
that's why I never liked writing other
than stand-up could stand up I can write
all day and then go do it that night
where I'm writing like a movie or a TV
show I'm wasting my time gonna get made
which is not my therapist says that's
not the way that's not what you inspired
it right right because it's a way to
express yourself you therapist is right
but then again if you are writing
something and nothing happens how
fucking stupid it feels it feels
wasteful jokes that I do on stage yeah
you you just get into that sort of thing
where you just like what am I doing here
and then it steals your thunder yeah I
feel that way all the time
unrelated you right right you sit down
and write a little bit yeah I try to but
a lot of times a lot of times I'll start
writing and then I end up just jerking
off jerking off yeah well Louie said
that he had he kept his he had one
laptop that could not connect to the
Internet yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah he
still doesn't but if you do that like
what if you want to Google something
while you're writing well I do that a
lot and I'll use this excuse I'll be
writing and then I'm like what's the
origin let me google that for research
and then before you know what I'm just
going through
exactly yeah you discipline that's all I
give myself an hour I have one hour that
I have to write and then if I enjoy it I
keep going but one out for one hour
there is nothing going on but writing
see that's ambitious
I have to go literally I'm not even
joking like ten minutes let me do ten
minutes and usually I'll go a little
longer because I'm like alright alright
well now I'll do like 30 minutes and I'm
like then you can treat yourself about a
child I've I am too but I found that I
mean obviously we came in here we were
me and Jeff we're embroiled in a quake
deathmatch yeah and we wouldn't stop to
say hi so that's it hi briefly I
appreciate I feel like I walked into you
fucking well I got here early and I was
gonna I'm always compulsively early
everywhere I spend a lot of time just
doing laps around places and because I
have so much anxiety but I parked I was
like I'll just sit in my car for ten
minutes and then a big guy came out and
was just looking at me and so then I was
like I think I'd this must mean I have
to get out of the car
yeah he's armed so I got out oh I'm
terrified
uhm but yeah so I got here early I was
on camera but I would have showed up
right it no it doesn't matter all right
we shouldn't have snuck in that extra
game it's just we get the problem is you
play one game and then it gets got like
we play for a half hour play to a
hundred points mm-hmm a hundred deaths
and then it gets intense and then if one
guy beats the other guy gives them a
drubbing then the other guy wants
revenge and then you have to play that
second right yeah it's addictive then
you start off your day with two
ass-kickings it's like jerking off
hundred deaths yeah start off your day
with two jerk-off sessions like math I
have a lot of catching up to do if I
want to make this a productive day are
you still jerking off a lot of course I
feel like I don't jerk off that much
advanced well I have a wife and we have
sex but here when that she's not a
Widow's when she's away denne jerk off
I'll jerk off a little bit but I have
less less than I used to
there's something wrong with me I can
still get my vagina hard but I just I
just thought I'm not as interested
nothing wrong with that man
why would she I when I'm with her I'm
very yes yes yes I get it but
your free time you've got other shit on
your mind yes you're focused I am
focused on about 5,000 things at me -
yeah the world of being a comedian yeah
that's a lot yeah it's Louie's idea is a
good idea on paper so like not not
having anything connected to the
Internet
well here's this I think about doing
this now he has two phones like a flip
phone that like 12 people have the
number and then he's like a smart phone
that he'll leave behind so like his kids
can call him mmm or is you know mother
or whatever I'm one of the 12 but like
you someone can get in touch with him
and you can call nine-one-one away but
there's no Twitter Instagram whatever so
that's like a decent idea as to phones
cuz I'm fucked up with but then you know
obviously you're friends with Ari he is
the flip phone that's Louie as if the
phone but what sucks is when you're
hanging out with these people they still
need the shit so they end up using your
phone exactly like I'll go hiking with
Ari whatever a trip and he's like pull
up your Google math can I use your phone
and they just hands my phone how about
have some discipline Ari yeah and a real
phone I don't want anyone to have my
fight it's not like I don't have crazy
porn or whatever touching my phone I
don't like people holding my phone
that's like someone wearing your
underwear
yes it's worse hey can I borrow your
underwear what you can you can take a
raw dog just put pants on yeah do you
have to have underwear it's weird
you don't need underwear you do I like I
sprinkle a lot of tinkle yeah but if you
have a good pair of underwear it's
better then like if you weren't jeans
and shed and your sticks rub it against
your zipper said something yeah that's
no good good boy you need to undo I take
it back I want to walk back my normal
just need some discipline just need some
goddamn discipline he's such a child he
does but I understand addiction and
stuff it's difficult because wait I have
it where I'm like just don't look yeah
but I'm obsessed with my phone well I am
too but I'm not as bad as I used to be
but Ari
he realizes it he's like yeah it's not a
loser he's a winner like he figure shit
out he's aware he's like all right I
have a fucking problem and I'm not
getting better at this so I'm just gonna
get rid of it yeah and get this fucking
stupid flip phone that I could barely
text on like whenever he texts me it's
like a miracle I'm like what are you
doing here with this caveman phone
yeah a text message for the stupid
fucking phone and then you have to keep
it short because you can't send like a
long thing because it comes in like
three pages and out of order so it's
like anyways I'm gay now and then it's
like hey I just met it's all fucked up
yeah it sucks but baby I'm thinking
about doing it myself well they're
getting crazier now they're having these
folding phones that blow out too like 10
inches have you seen these goddamn
things no well Samsung released it but
then they took it back cuz it started
breaking but it's it's a it looks like a
regular smartphone okay but it's fat and
the reason why it's fat is you can open
it up and it becomes a giant smartphone
oh that seems kind of nice it's pretty
nice if you need an iPad everywhere you
go alright but do you know I don't is my
phone also as like a computer I barely
use my computer I just write emails and
shit on my phone yeah I write very few
emails on my phone I tried I'm trying to
limit my hour on the phone to one hour
one hour for the whole day one hour of
screen time yeah that's a stool pressive
yeah why I forced it on my kid so I'm
like okay if she gets an hour of screen
time I should get an hour screen time
right but you're also running a business
like sure you have a team but I'm also
responsible right yeah yeah other people
that pick up the slack it's a full-on
addiction though it's fucked up like
I'll go on a plane I'll fly across the
country I'm on airplane mode if you
can't even use it and I'll find myself
just looking at photos just cuz I want
the dopamine when the fuckin is of just
holding and moving my phone yeah it's
really a problem it is a problem and I'm
actually I've been doing a bit about it
about the real problem is what's next
the real problem is where does it go
from here because it's got you hooked
just looking at photos and texts well I
mean I walked in you couldn't say hello
and you were crying playing quake so
that might be the next step there's
something about staring at that screen
when you get really intense er I start
watering I swear to God I wasn't
emotional no I thought your parents
passed away as I pulled in
guys leave here I feel like a freak
first of all sometimes we leave well
we'll have these battles that'll go like
two hours and then when I leave my
fucking hearts pound and my Adrenaline's
rush and I'm like see you later man bye
and we leave and we're like what the
fucking I'm driving home Malta it's like
literally like you just had a fight like
going that fight with somebody
well I don't have that yet it's it's a
very very bad addiction but it's really
fun too so part of me is like
I'm enjoying the shit out of this it's
really fun to play I think that's the
kids just enjoy it you got to enjoy
whatever decision you're making this is
good my therapist therapist okay yeah
well I'm dealing I have like a horrible
diet my whole life fillet you eat well
now I've chained I'm going through a bit
of a medical situation right now I have
AIDS no I came here to slit cards the
fun you lose a little weight whatever
but it makes you whimsical yeah I feel
good I can play basketball now like The
Flintstones it's like gay old time did
they have AIDS
yeah that's why they're not here anymore
what was I gonna say oh so I have this
thing called silent reflux have you ever
heard of this no it's acid reflux but
they call it silent cuz there's no
heartburn
it's different than GERD it just goes
straight up into your like vocal cords
into your throat so it's like fucking up
my my shit oh no and I wake up like a
cough and it's like into my they're
calling it respiratory reflux now weird
like it's almost like asthma sinus shit
and style-related yeah well I ate
exclusively I drink coke clotting like
three or four cokes a day exclusively
like a large pizza extra marinara
chicken parm extra marinara Chipotle
extra hot sauce mmm chocolate chip
cookies
garbage like a garbage child I'm a
garbage child yeah so I just ate
exclusively that I was in therapy enough
but I knew I was like I'm getting
fucking myself up I'm gonna die I'm
gonna get cancer and die and my
therapist is like just at least accept
your decision enjoy eating shit yeah
he's like you're eating shitting not
even enjoying it so what's the point
and he's like accepting it would
actually probably help you to eat
healthier and I was like good point I'll
just start enjoying it and that lasted
ten days and that's when the reflux
started and I had to completely change
my diet mm-hmm so I should have had that
conversation 25 years earlier so now I
just ate like shit without enjoying it
and now I'm refluxing mm-hmm and I can't
eat any of that so I had to cut out
everything so what did they tell you to
eat now you have to cut out dairy woody
cut now while going back to the doctor
on Thursday then I'm seeing a specialist
who like coined the phrase it's like a
thousand bucks for a consultation but at
this point I'm like Christ I'm losing my
mind so crazy is that the doctor could
charge a thousand dollars just talked to
you well the other the first doctor I
went to was an ENT and they do a thing
which I think is fucked up they're like
I'm like I'm paying kay I don't have
insurance I'm paying out of pocket and
you're like oh it's a 20% discount if
you're paying on a pot like like I'm at
a record store like they're like we give
you a discount if you pay up fresh and
I'm like all right that seems bizarre
it's like my well being that seems like
something someone who deals with drug
dealers guys come in with bullet wounds
cash and set off
it's a little tray up well I rolled up
my money and put a rubber band around it
and handed it to him we always like to
think that's good we always like to
think that doctors are there there's
something special about them you know
they're beyond reproach they're above
and beyond but I was reading this book
called dead doctors don't lie by this
guy Joel Wallach and it's all about
mineral deficiencies and how many people
have mineral deficiencies and how little
doctors actually know about nutrition
and how so many doctors are not only
unhealthy but have at least back when he
wrote this book have easy access to
prescription medicine and they're just
overdosing right and they're just
fucking cooking themselves a coke right
yeah I'm trying to do like an organic he
thinks I started eating all these salads
and oatmeal and salmon said helping no I
feel better wait I'm thin I'm taking
huge like green baby leg shits like in
st. like the s with it's good right yeah
yeah roughage amazing comes flying out
and I feel light and I'm a little more
to find that's good but my throat
still all fucked up but I've heard it
takes months and I'm like maybe my
body's repairing and it just doesn't
take mine too whatever so what
specifically they tell you to get off of
well first then when I first went there
it was like the end of the day like I
started having like a fucking panic
attack is this like white shit coming
down my throat not the first time that's
happened folks come alright I wet I ran
in there I was like can I gotta see a
doctor today I'm losing my mind and they
were like we can squeeze in an
appointment and I think when you show up
right before they close with no health
insurance the guy kind of looked and
went oh yeah that's silent reflux and
then they print out a piece of paper
from like WebMD which is amazing to me
hmm
they just print shit out that I could
have googled and he's like try to cut
out the spicy foods take prilosec and
whatever so he made it seem like it was
no big deal
spicy foods yeah that's interesting that
they would tell you to cut that out like
like what what what is Coe do they say
what is actually causing like what is
the mechanism like what's what's forcing
this reaction well I think what happens
is it has something to do with your
esophageal sphincter whoa which I didn't
know I had what yeah you do it's I guess
it's that like I've read so much of this
shit just like you're saying like g-spot
when you're sucking dicks yeah yeah it
gets down there I feel like that would
be deep in there so it opens up and
there's supposed to be some acid that
comes up but I got too much acid I guess
it flexes and then it it reflexes hmm
but my I think what happens is it gets
so fucked up from diet that it becomes
compromised so it doesn't matter what I
eat it's just open like a like a fucking
like a loose oh yeah so and that's from
just all the acid hitting it over and
over and over again yeah so I got into
this there's a woman named dr. Kaufman I
forget her first name but she actually
is in New York that's what I'm going to
see for a thousand bucks but she like
coined the phrase and wrote all these
books and stuff and says you can fix it
through diet but I've been taking like a
ton of prilosec and shit and definitely
I guess I don't know what's helping like
how much worse it would be if I wasn't
taking that but then when you get off of
that there's a thing called rebound
reflex where it just comes back fucking
gangbusters Oh No so I'm all like people
that take xanax yeah I used to take
xanax I've never taken it but they say
that when you get off of it then you get
super-anxious
I don't remember that I only took it if
I was like having a panic attack
whatever but I took paxil for a lot of
time and that I couldn't come on the
yeah yeah yeah it's unpleasant you and
Mike Tyson in the same photo can he not
come couldn't was on the paxil but very
similar guys yeah yeah yeah I used to
play with pigeons I shouldn't say play
with is he listening terrifying about
the show he's a good guy he's super
friendly he's like a giant bear that's
like your friend yeah I'd like to he's
like really sweet guy but you are very
aware when you around him that he is not
you like this is a compass is an elite
super athlete yeah from the Hall of Fame
he's Mike motherfucking Tyson and even
though he doesn't even hardly work out
anymore like he when you shake his hand
it's like holding on to a brick it's
like his whole body it's like he's like
five feet wide yeah I imagine if you
work I don't know you probably know more
about this than I do if you work out
enough for long enough and then you stop
I imagine you're gonna have a base you
definitely have a base like I were like
when I was a kid when I was younger I
ran I was a distance runner and I
stopped running distance but I feel like
now I could go run five miles because I
used to yeah yeah yeah for sure I feel
similarly like Mike Tyson could beat me
up probably oh yeah I don't know he
might have some skills my friend Ct
Fletcher he actually had a heart surgery
heart transplant one year ago and he
hasn't be able to do much of anything
other than like very light exercise like
he's just trying to like build his body
back up but he's he used to be a world
champion power lifter and even though he
hasn't worked out like really worked out
and probably like a year and
he still has giant arms he's still huge
yeah I keep a lot of it he could
probably beat me up also you think he
can't move that much okay cuz of the
heart okay you know he's not a bunch of
pills and stuff but if he got a hold of
it be fucked yes got his arms like
double mine oh my arms it's a big oh he
was an enormous man at one time was
basically my height maybe an inch he's
probably five nine maybe an inch taller
than me
and he weighed three what do you say
three twenty at one point 320 pounds Wow
is a picture of him it's so ridiculous
like you can't believe that a human
could stack that much meat on the onto
your skeleton yeah I wondered that if I
just started really lifting lifting cuz
I'm like I can't eat healthy foods I
mean I can't eat shitty foods anymore
and I don't drink and I don't do drugs
they be I could get into exercise like
how big can I get can I get fuckin you
get big yeah you definitely get bigger
it's it's you're an ectomorph which
comes at all and you're tall and lean
and tall it is one of the reasons why
even though you were on that terrible
diet not built like Ralphie May right or
something like that you know like some
people just have bodies that just they
can absorb a lot of sugar and a lot of
bullshit and your body obviously can do
that yeah that's Ct Fletcher when he was
three so huge that's what the fuck it
was ridiculous do you know anyone
remember the fighter Vinny Pazienza
sure he's from Rhode Island and I was
working the Providence comedy connection
years ago and he was at the show we kind
of met and then he was he was drinking a
little bit and then after the show we
were all at the bar and I think he was
like kind of fucking around he's like I
had a comedian I'm gonna come over there
and kick that comedians ass he was kind
of like I think he was fucking with me
whenever but I was like terrified I'm a
terrified human anyways and he's like
yeah I come in there and beat his ass
and then his girl that he was with was
kind of like no and she was like kind of
looked nervous where I was like wait is
this something is this like a real thing
and like everyone there was like ah ah
he's fucking with you and then I was
like telling the story later to like my
fat my uncle and he's like ah he's
drugged you fucking you'll be fine
but I was like what do you mean he's
like as older he's drunk oh my
and I'm like at what point of me hitting
Vinny Pazienza do you think he'd be like
there's no amount of like ah he's a
little older he's had a couple cocktails
uncle's are terrible for advice but
you're not their kid to like yeah you
figured it out they give you like really
abbreviated shitty advice yeah it's like
a nice idea that I'd be like yeah you'll
be able to handle I'm like no I think he
would I think he would win he's the
fucking champion of the world at beating
people up yeah he was he's a bad
motherfucker yeah it'd be a real problem
for you yeah how drunk he was yeah I
wouldn't have fared well it's uncles
they're terrible with advice the uncles
are always buying you beer when you're
too young
yeah those showing you things you
shouldn't see yeah they're it's fun to
be one yeah I'm an uncle yeah me too
like you plan on shooting loads into the
missus and having a real person no I'm
gonna plan on shooting the hoods into
her but I don't think so Mike my wife's
a comedian as well and now we're a
little old
I mean she's old and I'm 37 she's 41 and
someone's career has to be sacrificed
quite a bit I think that's right head
that's one way to look at it yeah and
not like adds up right now which it
could change anytime I'm making more
money on the road like that's the
majority of our money so it'd have to be
like I I gotta keep going on the road
right so and then we're in New York and
you know it's hard to have a child yeah
they're very expensive as you never very
expensive in New York is a weird place
to raise a child
it's just weird I have friends who raise
their kids in New York and like we love
it the kids love it you let them gonna
wander around the streets do they have
it they go like private school and shit
no like no they go to public the idea of
like your nine-year-old on the subways
terrify again like it was anxiety right
yeah every moment I'd like my kid is
getting abducted right now well you
never know like you could get a subway
where everybody's cool or you could get
a subway where there's a crazy person
you're trapped in a tube with a crazy
person yeah it's one of the more
interesting things about rolling the
dice of the New York City subways that
you're you're just entering into a
closed environment where you cannot
escape for a prolonged period of time
with people that you don't know and most
people are cool
yeah most people just want to get to
their job or their house or wherever
they're going but every now and then
like I I met a dude do you remember
there was a knife attack on the subway
where a guy had killed a couple of
people and caught one guy up and the guy
disarmed him from some moves that he
learned and the Ultimate Fighting
Championship watching it on TV
no yeah I'm mad at me it's just giant
cuts on his head it was really intense
man yeah I would not I would not do well
I would just be like yeah just cut me up
myself well yeah I guess when you're
when you're in that sort of
life-or-death situation it just becomes
your survival mode kicks in look you
don't even you don't even know what
you're doing
right I've talked to people who have
been attacked by animals and they say
that it's just you don't you can't even
imagine how reptilian your reaction is
right you're there's no rational
thinking at all it's like 100% just DNA
firing the switches for you
Wow yeah I was on the subway a couple
years ago and I was like it was empty I
was in like a back of the Train and
there was like it was just me sitting
there and then there was like a guy
sleeping on the other end like he was
passed out or whatever and then there's
like six hooligan like young teenager
like they were acting all crazy
and they got on the train on that end of
the train and they were like spitting on
the guy and they were like wake up they
were screaming but the guy was like he
was obviously drunk whatever and they
were like hocking loogies on him and
stuff and like jumping up and down and
so I was just looking at my phone cause
it was like a it was a bad situation
unpleasant mm-hm and then they kind of
turned and focused towards me and they
were like hey you fucking faggot look up
look up from your phone and then I just
didn't I kept ignoring them and then one
guy was like I'm gonna kill you if you
don't look over here and then the other
guy was like I'll kill you if you keep
looking at your phone and I was like
shitting my pants and this is between
Queensboro Plaza and Lexington Avenue
which is a pretty long underground
station it was like doing the thing
where was like delayed so it's probably
like realistically it was like four or
five minutes but I was like shitting my
pants and there's six of them they're
probably like early 20s late teens I
have no fighting train
no weapon where I was like this is a bad
situation like six people you're like
I'm not gonna I have no six people's a
problem six people is a problem I
appreciate you said it cuz a lot of
people like I would have busted up the
biggest guy if we're never the fuck and
you're like they're a tangle of arms and
legs six people's a real problem the
only thing that would save you though is
that you're in a subway and what by that
is they're not gonna surround you right
if you just put your back to the wall
right six people as they come towards
you they have to kind of come towards
you almost single file
I suppose so yeah it's not a lot of room
they can get like two at a time but you
could crack one and if you crack one
most of them will start to panicking
most people don't know how to fight
right smash one guy's face in and he
goes unconscious and then the other guys
are there and you start moving in on
them they have this anxiety attack they
start freaking unless they know how to
fight and I doubt they do because people
don't who know how to fight they don't
do things like that right very very
rarely do you run into thugs that
actually know how to fight but that's
the problem is no people know how to
fight I'm one of those folks so the
smashing in the face I mean I can I know
how to throw a punch but I'm saying even
for anybody even for a trained fighter
if you're in a subway with six guys it's
not good yeah yeah even if you really
know how to fight if you're like a world
champion you got to go god damn it
because you could always break your hand
with the first punch that shit happens
all the time yeah it was unpleasant
after that I was like maybe I shouldn't
get on the last train at least give
yourself a chance to go one it was early
I was on my way to this show in the city
it was like 8 o'clock 7:30 but Christ I
mean I don't think they were leaving
sure I think they were just assholes
yeah just being wild or whatever while
didn't I think is the term were they
Italian they were not they were of
Latino descent yeah I'm describing what
I think a very PC no the way you said it
it was clear you're demeaning
I think Latino is good or is it his
spent I think Hispanic is bad because
it's in reference directly to Spanish so
that Tino is better that could be in
reference to lat
tighter than that that's all they can
suck my dick I'm tired of it
I really oh yeah fuck you I'm trust
trying to figure out what your name is
all right Joe yeah but I mean that's a
chance I mean you can't just decide that
something that people used forever is
all of a sudden racist like here's a
weird one and I don't know why this is
you can't say Chinaman but you can say
Englishman hmm I think a lot of it has
to do with because the Chinese were
enslaved is that right they built the
railroads yeah something that there
probably is something to do with it but
you can say Irishman and the Irish were
enslaved oh there you go so that defeats
that yeah
I'm just guessing this is I got money
Irish were not enslaved here I mean
there's some Irish people that came over
there did an indentured servitude
I'm sure actually now that I'm I am
reading I did read something about Irish
slaves there were but in comparison to
African slaves it's not even close yeah
I don't know much about that Irish thing
but I know that black people African
American people get upset when you say
but the Irish are enslaved yeah all I
know is they don't like that shit yeah
they're not into that yeah argument yeah
it's terrible argument it doesn't seem
like a great one there's not a lot of
pictures of the Irish slaves that built
America yeah I think a lot also came
voluntarily or something I don't I don't
know yeah my grandparents my grandfather
on my father's side came from Maryland
my I think my great-grandparents yeah
imagine being one of those people from
the 1920s it's like fuck it I'm taking a
chance I'm gonna get on a fucking boat
travel across the ocean like only like
50 years after pictures were made yeah
it's insane I think about that I'll tell
my watch Godfather Part 2 the whole time
I'm like yeah go get a little buddy
takes is the most powerful guy in the
state so yeah whatever it's just there's
no place like that now where people just
can go well that's here still isn't it
but it's not though it's fucking hard
like it's hard if you're Canadian
it's gift your cannolis get over here
yeah and we're connected like they make
it real hard for Canadians to move here
yeah sure well I know a lot of Canadian
comedians and they have to like Peru
it's the whole idea is hilarious of a
comedian trying to prove they're
necessary in America it's just a comical
idea they're like can you guys write me
letters that says we need more jokes in
New York I think we need more comedians
always I think we are there's a finite
resource of comedians well we need more
quality never know like I knew guys
that's sagt man for years and I used to
have this thought either you're funny or
you're not funny if you find you can get
funnier right but I knew guys that used
to eat shit well now they're murderers
keeps coming back to Ari Ari was always
funny he always had something like he
was never as funny as he is now but he
always had something yeah it was always
like this guy's gonna make it yeah it is
interesting when people kind of figure
it out but I think a lot of those people
they're trying to be what they think is
supposed to be funny and eventually they
figure out to just be themselves and
that's how it kind of I think you're
right like they're trying to do Seinfeld
or something and then after a while
somebody along the way it goes hey just
tell the thing you said in the car right
I got friends like that that never made
that flip like friends from Boston that
comics that have like the biggest
disparity in funny offstage to funny
onstage of anybody where it's it's
puzzling where I'm like you're the
funniest person I've ever met and you've
been eating shit with 20 years and it's
like why how does that not that used to
be is interesting Joey Diaz the funniest
guy I've ever seen I've never seen
anybody funnier and Joey Diaz when he
first started out I didn't meet him when
he first started out I met him she's I
probably met him four years into his
career I met him in 95 I think or 96 and
somewhere around then and he just
couldn't figure it out on stage and then
around 98 I was I used to take him with
me on the road around 98
he just caught this wave and I'm time
saying with in like six months
he went from having rough sets to
fucking annihilating Wow he also gained
during that time at least eighty pounds
maybe that's funny just didn't give a
fuck anymore like something clicked
where he didn't give a fuck anymore
right he started eating whatever he
wanted to eat he was partying like a
madman and he would go on stage just
just didn't give a fuck and he was so
funny it's like he figured out the
formula he was trying to do the actor
thing he got sucked into that thing that
we were talking about where you want to
get on sitcoms you want to get auditions
you're going out for movies and then he
after a while he just got fucked over
too many times and dealt with too many
people and he realized he was like kind
of tailoring his act for those assholes
yeah I love those moments in any artist
with music or whatever it is all as I
know it's music and comedy really but
when they fucking finally get into that
in the rhythm of like figuring out who
they are and what they are and then
you're like oh wow this is special -
yeah it's cool to watch - for like a
person who's trying to do it themselves
because you really you see all the
elements and the qualities that they've
sort of embraced that have helped them
like the authenticity and the real
thoughts and you know and what they
they're honest self deprecation and all
the things that you see that just sort
of fall into place then you can kind of
examine your own self
right yeah maybe I can I can do that
think about comedy I think like we we
don't exist in a vacuum we all influence
each other right now sometimes too much
like people do the italo many guys to do
that voice yes and it's ruthless when
you see people doing like God you gotta
pull them sigh and go hey man and I'm
gonna tell fan to which right gotta back
off the Attell voice yeah that happened
it goes in waves - remember when I was
like in the early 2000s it was a lot of
Dane people were doing a lot of day and
I was just say ad I was my term of
another day in impression there'd be all
these guys that walk out and they're
doing they're holding the mic in an
impractical way it works
they're kind of low and doing his weird
move it's like I think that's kind of
his thing cute young guys and then
trying to put on baseball hats
everywhere they go
yeah and they come up with their own way
to do a handstand on the stool
dan got mad at a guy once cuz he was
wearing a Boston hat how interest is
like that's my thing oh I'm wearing a
Bruin shirt I hope that's okay
are you from Boston I'm from Whitman
Massachusetts I started there I was
there for a year so yeah I'm from Newton
oh wow yeah
a lot of comics from Newton really well
not a lot John fish I don't know if you
know John oh he's a new yeah and then
Louis that's three but three is a lot
that's how I'm a relatively small town
Newton's a weird spot it's like it's
idyllic if you go there right now it's
like aha beautiful little cute little
sweet little town yeah when I was
growing up there it seemed like a frozen
shithole it was I think I could be wrong
on this I think Newton was once labeled
the safest town in America they had gone
the longest distance without a murder or
like I think they were basing it off
murder or some crime and then shortly
after that somebody was killed it was
like that jinx did yeah they probably
wanted to set the record yeah and this
one was either person to break it yeah
some was like like that and they hurt
hurt but it's a good place yeah it's
nice Boston's a great place to grow up
but I think it wears on you all my
friends who live there when I still I
still have a few buddies that live there
and I talked him like man how many more
than winners I can fucking take yeah I
guess win us I got a buddy that just
moved to Q he's moving to Key West July
1st and he's like I'm tired of shoveling
and it's a hard city people are fucking
angry and the traffic and there's like a
theory already complexes yeah it's a
great place to I think influence you and
then you got to get the hell out as a
horrible place to date I never I mean I
did date there but I love that accent
you find a woman with that accent it's
just it's a boner-killer it's not a
pleasant accent on a woman yeah it's not
good dude it's fun I hear a dude with
that accent I said I'd be a good guy to
drink with yes to him I agree this most
definitely a double standard what accent
are you turned on but it's southern yeah
I suppose taxes yeah
that's the best yeah Australian I like
Australia I like an Irish Irish
Australian women I've only had sex with
two Australian women in my life but both
stop bragging bro but but but both this
is it what's gonna get worse both women
individually requested that I come on
their face so I don't know if that's an
Australian thing
let's have to call in an Australian
woman must have something to do with the
lack of sunscreen out there you know
they have a hole in the ozone layer
that's she's looking for a coating but a
hundred percent of Australian women as
far as I've tested like enjoy it in the
mug yeah yeah do you think if you were a
girl you'd like a guy to come in your
face I'd talked about this before I I
think if I was a girl I would being a
fucking wild animal yeah I would
becoming my eyes and yeah cuz I'm a man
and I want cum in my face you know yeah
yeah I think so I think I'd be a just
too just running around yeah camping it
out all the dishes everybody some
something yeah some kind of disease and
I got stuff to give them do this to you
got a bunch of them I have I had HPV
that goes away like I got me way HPV
goes away no you still it does you shoot
a dirty load into someone you can give
it to him still well I think I believe
that could be I could I got bad info
from my ent pretty sure you did I had
pre she keep that shit up
I think HPV does go if you stop having
sexual intercourse with different people
oh but I think it goes away for you but
I think it's still in your blood and I
think you still give it to people oh
we're interesting well so don't be lying
to people when you're shooting now well
I only have sex we just put his finger
up I knew it just from the quick the
quick response in most cases HPV goes
away on its own it does not cause any
health problems but when HPV does not go
away it causes health problems like
genital warts and cancer a healthcare
provider can usually diagnose warts by
looking at the genital area what a
fucking a health care provider can
usually diagnose warts by looking at
them yeah you can also do that comedians
can also diagnose warts you go oh that's
a dick war interesting yeah I had that I
went to play
parenthood who do more than abortions
they'll take your warts right off they
put a little thing on there and boom
here it says they're currently no cure
for existing HPV infection but for most
people would be cleared by their own
immune system and there are treatments
available for the symptoms it can cause
you can get the HPV vaccine oh they have
a vaccine that's only for young people
that work too old yeah what does it do I
don't know what do you don't know I did
not get it oh god it just started giving
it out recently I think in the last like
maybe less than 10 years but you gotta
be yeah you got to get it like before
you're eight which makes you really
horny that'd be ideal right I don't know
if it cures it I guess it cures it but I
had that but so it does go away did you
ever hear about there's a story about a
drug called re-equip and it was a
medication for Parkinson's disease and
galactose SmithKline lost a judgment in
court I think it was in the tune of
$600,000 American because it turned a
guy into a gay sex and gambling addict
all he wanted to do was hook up with
guys online and gamble then and in but
listen I know it sounds crazy but they
lost the lawsuit like a pharmaceutical
drug company lost a lawsuit and the jury
awarded this guy more than a half a
million dollars how did he prove that
all he wants to do is fuck guys that's a
good question but they did they proved
it to the point where this guy won money
because he never had any problems like
this before
took his Parkinson's medication and it
just once short-circuited his brain he
started sucking dick and rolling the
dice I'm gonna sue Starbucks I've been
drinking that tea and now I want to get
came on I don't want to be come down
something about their tea it's not
organic there's a fucking roundup in
their tea yeah something's up but I want
some loads well they're starting to pass
out lawsuits against glyphosate speaking
of that roundup that that fucking that
that shit two billion dollars and
another guy got five five million well
he needs a better lawyer alright cuz he
got his lawyer got him five million the
other people's lawyers got
billions what is what's the drug oh it's
not a drug it's roundup
it's that weed killer Chateau weed
killer oh I see yeah it gives people
cancer and they're they're finally
passing down these massive judgments
against Monsanto Wow yeah the weight of
it all C Mon town so jury hits its jury
with the hits Monsanto with two billion
dollar judgment but there was that one
and then there was another one for five
plus million that guy's got to be pissed
right now
fuck that I only get five million now to
billion is that exact or are they
rounding up count it you should open
with that tonight at The Improv I will
I'm Hollywood hey folks you hear about
this uh this thing called roundup most
people don't know what it is you know
that's like serious GMO haters they're
they're people that are like super
organic don't want any pesticides in
their food that's a one thing that
people need to understand if you're
you're buying vegetables and you eat a
lot of vegetables it's very good for you
but man there is a lot of fucking
pesticides out there this is what's
bumming me out the more I do Rick cuz I
just always just ate garbage or whatever
without thinking about it now the more
research I do the more I'll read about
because I like to read health benefits
of the food I'm eating while I'm eating
it cuz it makes it feel like all right
I'm doing something good but then
everyone at the bottom of the page like
if you eat too much broccoli you'll shit
your blood or whatever it's there's
always something or there's pesticides
or yeah you really have you heard of a
carnivore diet you heard of that I'm
sorry I said which is meat it's just me
two steak and there's a lot of people to
do it and people with autoimmune issues
have huge reactions positive reactions
really yeah my friend he was having
receding gums disorder went away and
they say that that shit never goes away
he lost 50 pounds Jordan Peterson oh
yeah he's on that carnivore diets been
on over a year just got his blood work
tested a lot of people like you
shouldn't even recommend that it's so
irresponsible and
there's arguments both ways man there's
arguments that eating only vegetables is
irresponsible because large-scale
agriculture is like terrible for the
environment it displaces all this
wildlife and animals and right they in
most cases they're using something to
kill the weeds in most cases they're
using glyphosate or something like that
yeah I mean now fruit to me is always
like that's healthy and then people like
our sugar and your whatever I burp
fruits fine there's nothing wrong with
fruit it's like everything else if you
eat too much fruit if you like 10
oranges right your body so what the fuck
bro but like if you drink orange juice
that's not good because your body's like
where is all the fiber like what is this
what are you doing to me like why are
you making me drink this sugar water
yeah you drink a like a 12 ounce glass
of orange juice
how let's let's guess how many grams of
sugar do you think is in a 12 ounce
glass of orange juice I don't know I'm
not good with this I would say can you
give me some scale like how much sugar
is in a coca-cola I wish I know fuck I'm
gonna say hundred no no no okay here's
here's a good scale like um like I saw
one of those Gatorades but not a
Gatorade it was a smart drink that had
some fucking flavor to it or something
like that you know but it was 27 grams
of sugar okay that was like Jesus that's
a lot of fucking sugar so I would say
orange juice is more than that yeah I
would say it's got 35 I'll say 35 okay
I'll say 48 damns going crazy what do
you say Jamie for some reason this thing
won't do the math right but in 1 ounce
there's 2.6 so times 12 that's roughly
30 because it's 24 times the 1 plus the
6 yeah some way 30 yeah they're not 48
though no fuck me yeah you're only
supposed to look for a healthy diet I
think they spot you're supposed to be
limited to a hundred grams of sugar a
day and that's for an active person like
you really shouldn't fuck around with
more than that right yeah I feel like
I'm finally reaching the age where food
becomes a situation you got to start to
yeah it's a part of the problem now yeah
as you get older body starts to fucking
fall apart on you bro
yeah my buddy John fish I mentioned
earlier he has a story but he went to
his doctor
and his doctor was like in your 30s your
body starts to break down and in your
40s your body starts to die and he was
waiting for him to like smile or laugh
but he was like just being serious
doctors an asshole yes life right now is
fucking her personal trainer guys super
angry about it that's probably going on
there yeah I think it's a bad guy he's a
terrible guy telling you that your
body's dying listen I'm a live bitch
I'll fuck you up right now kill you yeah
tell me I'm alive I'm dying
good point fuck shut up shut up doctor
doctor dickwad what kind of doctor is
that I don't know but that's some truth
to that though specializes in negativity
ya know you're alive does it work as
good as it does me you're 20 no does
your fucking car work as good when it
has a hundred thousand miles on it no
but I think what he's saying is that
we're on the back at the back end what
he should have said is duh everybody
knows that all right if you live to be a
hundred at 40 you're fuckin half way
there basically yeah good point and
living 200 is pretty hard yeah if you
live to 100 man you get you'd really did
something yeah and most people are not
gonna make that I'm gonna I'm gonna
start trying to make it 100 I wish that
there was a thing that showed you when
you're dying what tip it over right yeah
yeah well they're like yeah you had one
too many cokes in 2007 yeah yeah they
looked at all the time you jerked off
imagine if like here's an accounting of
every time you jerk you'd be like no I
think about this all the time I wish we
could do that cuz everything has all
these stats now you know like baseball
whatever I wish you could have all the
shit's you've taken how many times
you've wiped your ass how many times
you've jerked off how many times you
have sex
mmm wouldn't it be fun to have all of
those numbers it would why can't your
phone do that it should be able to tell
you how many steps you go the exact own
to track how far run exactly so we
should start doing I guess we could type
it into our phone yeah you could you
could add it up you could have like an
app every time you jerk off you have to
double tap it
I feel like that would be a fun thing I
just invented something yeah it could be
a good app look how many times you jerk
off in a year Jamie how many times Tinky
driving eyes that was the Apple watch
might know cuz when I'd lost my gun
elliptical elliptical within two minutes
sorry Lord you want to track this
elliptical workout it's like whoa you
know that motion of the arm moving is
that what it is it's gotta be because
they're just uh that's you know that's
interesting that my zones heart rate
monitor thing that we were wearing force
over October that thing syncs up with my
elliptical machine and it shows the
heart rate without even me even holding
on to the heart rate bluetooth though
that's pretty right but it did it
without me asking it yeah it just did it
it's close proximity I know but it's
pretty pretty crazy that it did that the
fucking government man
done done Tom are you worried about your
phone being tracked no I have uh I for
some reason I've never cared that much I
know I should and people talk about it
like the government watching us and
tracking all the information I don't
I'm too busy worried about you know
dying and if people like me or not
I just assume they are yeah I don't I
don't it doesn't mmm I hate to sound
like a like some fucking asshole that's
like oh I'm not doing anything wrong so
spy it like but I just don't it doesn't
connect with me to be concerned about
that yeah I don't think you sound like
an asshole alright people some people
were like well I'm not doing anything
wrong we want to get the terrorists and
blah blah blah yeah those people are
assholes though the people that say that
what do you care if you're not doing
anything wrong that's about tyranny
starts you weak bitch right meeting
about weak Bonanno that guy I appreciate
is fake guy fucking guns
yeah like stand up for America Venezuela
she was cool off first well bro they
don't have any guns it's true actually
yeah I mean they're running over people
in the street cuz people can't it's it's
hard to get guns in mines well that's
another thing sometimes things just
don't like I'll see that story and be
like huh merit and I just you can't
register everything there's no way
you'll never get any thought done yeah
Jim what are you about the story this
guy and Holmby Hills which is like the
Beverly Hills area
oh yeah I heard about that he had guns
more than a thousand guns yeah making
some of them he was making them not all
of them but did he do anything did you
just like guns
I don't know I said they decided to
arrest my tip or something if they
decided to arrest me and they said
children has five bows and a hundred and
fifty arrows like woo the fuck is he
planning on killing right they could do
that but those are more firearm sales I
guess those are less alarming numbers to
me though Bo's 150 arrows for a thousand
seems like a lot yeah but I think it's
one of those things you just get excited
and keep buying them acting on a tip
regarding illegal firearm sales okay so
he's selling guns guns were strewn
throughout several of the homes rooms
Authority said it took about 30 law
enforcement personnel more than 12 hours
to remove all the weapons goals gun
goals photos and videos from the scene
showed stacks of rifles I have a buddy
of mine who has so many guns he doesn't
know how many guns he has that's
impressive because I gots with jerking
off yeah exactly same thing he's a jerks
off to though he's a real gun nut like a
legit gun nut like he does long-range
shooting he goes enters into
competitions and stuff where they shoot
like you know they shoot out like a
thousand plus yards I try to understand
I try to be a good empathetic person I'm
not a gun guy and it's easy to be like
what do you need guns you fucking maniac
but then I'm like I understand like I
had thousands of baseball cards I guess
you get they're not killing machines but
I guess you get into something and then
you're like I want this gun and then I'm
gonna try to get another gun and then
you get addicted to the purchasing of
things yeah there's that but it's also
fun to shoot them you go to a range like
I went to arrange with Duncan Duncan
Trussell who's basically a Buddhist and
probably one of the most peaceful people
I've ever met in my life and super
brilliant guy and he's like this is so
fun he's fucking loved it we loved it we
shooting pieces of paper you know out a
distance and clay pigeons and shit it's
fun that seems like fun yes yeah it's
also sobering like when you pull the
trigger on a rifle boom when you see
that bullet hit that paper you know like
that is core metal to you hear clink you
know when you're shooting at something
it's pretty instant right
instant yeah yeah I mean the that when
you get to longer distances is kind of
interesting because you pull the trigger
boom and then you hear pink like there's
actually a lag time right think what
kind of distance we talking I've never
shot anything further than like four
hundred yards I think was the longest I
shot anything at the range that's
amazing
yeah that's pretty long that's a fuckin
huge range mm-hmm yeah it's four
football fields you have to set your
your scope for that or at the very least
you have to understand the drop of your
bullet it's all about how fast your
bullets going if you had a pencil and a
bullet right one in each hand and you
drop them both at the same time they're
both fall exactly the same speed cuz
it's a rate of gravity so it's all a
matter of how fast the bullet gets to
the target right because it's gonna drop
from the moment it comes out of the out
of the gun it's dropping right so it's
how fast is it going there is gonna tell
you how fast how far it's going to drop
so if you know that you set that use you
can use ballistics an application you
take that ballistics information you put
it into your phone like 400 yards 115
grains whatever your bullet is you know
300 Win Mag whatever it is you enter all
that stuff in and then it'll tell you
exactly what to do on your scope and
then you turn it and then think it'll go
right in the center Wow
yeah that's what those long-range dorks
they love it they'd love it they love
shooting things that are really really
really far I think they're called
snipers well that's kind of it yeah but
they're not really snipers a lot of them
are civilians oh they're just like they
just have competitions Wow yeah it's
crazy they have like a guy will be there
with like super high-powered binoculars
like you know fucking these big-ass
scope binoculars yeah and they're like
high left and they calibrate low right
no calibrate we're just trying to like
figure out like that film jarhead did
you see that movie I did not oh it's
good isn't that big Jake Gyllenhaal I
love Jake Johnny - that's someone I
would like to come on my face what did
you see when he was in that movie when
he played a boxer he got super ripped I
did not see that movie but someone next
to in the plane was watching it so I
saw without did you get hard paring it I
didn't know go look up Jake Gyllenhaal
it was called southpaw yes yeah he got
super shredded yeah he's great look at
the actor come on son
yeah that's something that is fucking
jacked I mean that is about as shredded
as a man got suck I worked hard to get
that body now he's amazing he's great
that mezzo deaq is one of my favorite
movies Brokeback Mountain and what's the
one with Nightcrawler yeah and then
prisoners was great too I love that
movie yeah he's been in a bunch of great
movies he's an interesting cat he's good
yeah there's certain people that like
you just want to see them act in that
weird yes you know like they just they'd
have a thing yeah and then certain
people that you like enough of this
fucking guy yeah there's some people
that are famous actors that you're like
how did this guy again I don't
understand what up some names decided
this this Pacus is too big these people
could be listening could be but yeah
that's well you got it some people got
it sacrificed
there's a couple guys whose name I don't
know but I just see him and then like my
wife will just I'm sorry I didn't know
he was in this and I'm like thank you
this guy sucks and he's just a guy I
don't get it
you know but most of them are quite I
feel like most people that are doing
well are pretty good
yeah and acting well that's what we
would hope see this is a thing that's I
hope comes out of this whole me to
movement besides these criminals getting
busted is that it changes the whole this
like there's a sort of the way thing
there's an ecosystem out here and I've
seen it with women too like there was a
woman casting agent that I knew that
fucked all these men and would get them
parts and she was gross and she was
really aggressive she tried to fuck my
buddy should try to fuck two of my
buddies oh yeah she sounds nice to me I
kind of like her foul all right
everything's wrong okay yeah I'll take
your word this is a long time ago she's
probably dead it's probably at HP v and
just died that didn't go away no but I
mean I've seen it I've seen aggressive
women it's not as many obviously but
yeah but that people would be judged on
their merits because it's and not just
see it's not out here like when you're
acting and trying to audition it's not
it's just sexual favors it's also
political leanings and like they'll ask
you questions about things everyone
everyone falls in line right with
whatever the ideology that you're
supposed to adopt in order to be
accepted by this community like so
they're they're really looking for
people to say the right things and do
the right things they want you to like
it's not a coincidence that everyone in
Hollywood is progressive that everyone
in Hollywood you know is super liberal
and super left-wing it's an act for a
lot of them for a good percentage of
people out here it's a fucking act right
it's a thing that gets you attention and
credit but couldn't it be part of it
that I mean I don't disagree but I do
think a lot of people that are naturally
artistic they become open-minded and
then they ended up going to places where
they're very diverse and part of
becoming progressive I think is meeting
a lot of these people that are you know
gay people and Muslim people and trans
people and then you go these people are
just like me bla bla bla pressive yeah
there's a part of it there's that too
but there's such a prevalence of fake
humans that you gotta realize it like
most these people have no opinions
they're not real opinions what they're
doing is they're just sort of spouting
out this predetermined pattern of
behavior that they feel like would be
accepted yes oh for sure and I think
yeah it's set up that way yeah like you
said I mean I'm basically just saying
what you just said
well they just want it so bad I don't
want it so bad yeah well that's the
danger of being motivated by Fame and
yeah it's so bad that's where I think of
what helps a lot of comedians is it
starts off the seed is not fame or
fortune it's like I want to be as funny
as I want to bring as much joy to the
audience as I can and so as long as you
can keep that you end up being a pretty
decent person and a good artist yeah you
just want to kill yeah
the thing about there's some traps in
that too right and this is one of the
traps that leads to people stealing
material is that you just want to kill
you want to kill you want to you want to
feel that feeling right so you
it's not that you want the audience to
have it so you want to kill right in the
way you kills they have a great time but
you will do that at any cost so you take
other people's work and try to pawn it
off at your own as your own you pretend
to be someone you're not
right so they'll like you more so that
you'll kill louder
I'm afraid someone's going to take this
clip where you keep saying you and it's
just showing maybe like I'm sorry this
is like a calling conch when used to
have that old joke he's like no one
tells you the story and they use you as
he's like you're telling me you sleep
with kids and you think that's okay he's
like not me I'm not the guy but but yeah
that that is a weird thing that people
do the desire to tell me you think it's
okay to rob old lady yeah and I didn't
say that no I know you didn't say that
yeah but hear that part these fucking
guys who rob old ladies but yeah that
that definitely is up there but I try to
be in tune with that - like in a
meditative way of that like because you
get so as a community it's so obsessed
with just like the sound of killing
wanting to kill it you forget that
they're actually a group of human beings
right right and then you're like you are
the goal is to bring joy to the people
that you're actually yes trying to get
laughs and trying to feel the joy of
providing joy as opposed to just like if
I kill I'll get on TV if I get on TV I
can pitch my show I try to kind of
organically walk it back to the room in
the moment of making these people here
laughs that's a great attitude but I
think New York is better in that regard
in that there's not really a lot of
industry right it's really just about
killing it's just about being funny yeah
well it feels like a lot of the
motivation in New York is to kill so
you'll get more seller spots than next
week yes
as opposed to I'll kill so I can get in
the room with truTV or whatever right
right right yeah you don't want that's a
I'm hoping that goes away and I think it
is that's one thing that's kind of
reinvigorated the Los Angeles scene is
actually the death of jobs believe it or
not like there's no jobs for comedians
anymore other than being a comedian
right now because and also because of
podcasts and the internet because people
could put their clips up on YouTube
and because people can do things on the
Internet there is no longer like the
really important stuff for your career
is no longer held by these gatekeepers
like the network executives that are
constantly there they're never there
anyway like if you have an if you get a
approved by a network executive there's
a real good shot that in six months that
person won't be there anymore right
right
real good shot yeah that's like that it
feels like in the whole industry so many
Booker's you in comedy starting out you
try to impress this book or get in with
family or like kind of hanging out and
like having a beer and then next thing
no they're like in accounting they're
not even in the business anymore the
good thing about today those there's
more camaraderie amongst comedians yeah
than ever than ever before and there's
more support amongst community cuz
comedians do each other's podcast right
and on the podcast you'll talk about
each other and sometimes it's bad like
how we're shit on Ari Shaffir
cuz I'm fuckin really tired Ari aren't
you
I'm not you've known him a lot longer
you know I loved as a kid but I mean it
sometimes it is bad though if someone
gets exposed if someone you know like
someone does piss you off or someone is
doing something unethical and you find
out about it through a podcast but for
the most part most comedians these
podcasts are being like super supportive
ya know it's the best I mean I think
most things I've gotten in my career are
from other comedians yeah yeah at this
point yeah I think that's real normal
and it's normal East Coast and West
Coast and it didn't used to be like that
there wasn't this like really super
supportive community out there anymore
but there wasn't always I think it's the
podcast thing I really do because so
many people have podcast now yeah well
it's also contagious when someone does
so much for you and brings you on the
road and buys you lunch and tweets your
shit you're like I want to do that for
somebody and so then it keeps expelling
for it's a good feeling it's nice to be
nice to the nicest yeah it's a great
feeling and you really get to know like
our ease podcast one of my favorite
podcast because he you get to know him
in his podcast like he does these he'll
do an intro that's 40 minutes long for a
conversation yeah it's him stoned
wandering around his apartment cooking
salmon and talking about it and like and
talking about
this and that and something that sucks
and this is stupid and that's great and
you know it's like you get to hear him
yeah
no IRA is a special not to sound like a
fucking fruitcake but he's a special
human being I love that guy yeah I love
about him more than anything is well I
love a lot of things about him but he
figured out who he was and got
successful and when he got successful he
gave zero fucks yeah once he got
successful he's like okay I've got a
couple hundred thousand dollars in the
bank you can all suck my ass yeah he
doesn't he doesn't compromise anything
yeah and he takes care of people in a
way that I'm like I'm concerned about
your finding like he'll do a show and
split the door evenly with everybody and
I'm like you know you should take the
money
you sold it out you hosted the show you
produced the show like I've done his
storytelling show and he's like here's
eight hundred and sixty dollars and I
told like an eight-minute story and
didn't even do great I'm like I'm sorry
that sucked he's like whatever here's
$900
and you're like okay like you could have
paid me a hundred bucks it's like a
Tuesday but that's the way he come my
face right yeah exactly I'm not gonna
swallow that fuel load but I bet I've
produced a show with it we did a show
together and that's when it fucks you
the splitting the money or I'm like I
don't want to fucking spy yeah that's
true yeah that does fuck you especially
if it's your show but now he's a he's a
great guy we just went out and hiked in
Mount Zion and is that Utah Zion
National made the mount part up Zion
National Forum yeah yeah I don't know
there's a mountain falls at Utah in Utah
yeah but he liked Nathan Angeli swear
all the fucking has the wild like rock
formations and shit yeah yeah it's
pretty it's pretty amazing yeah but he
got this like air B&B that was like
seven bedrooms and a hot tub and he paid
for the whole thing
and then I got this reflux thing so we
made all this special food and thank you
guys that's us right there that's Mike
Vecchio and my wife Sarah Tala mush and
myself did you see any mountain lions or
any crazy shit when you're out there we
saw nothing crazy I mean it was it was
beautiful and amazing but nothing and
is beautiful that was the house he got
it was like be it's like a retreat for
like it did all these crazy drums in
there and mm-hmm big fireplace
indoor/outdoor it was pretty
unbelievable you know the weird thing
about Airbnb is you find like little
fucking webcams where people are
watching you 24/7
Wow that's the backyard that's the back
porch yeah ah that view is amazing yeah
it and then the next day my wife and I
drove to Sunnyvale California we all
said goodbye I was gonna do roosterteeth
feathers oh and we went to the mall to
eat and all of our shit got rough
everything I'm wearing everything she's
wearing is stolen we're this big like
meditative Zion hiking three days
together
you just feel like man fucking life bro
and then we went to the Cheesecake
Factory I was starving I'm like I gotta
eat something and we came out and a
hundred percent of our luggage and
computers were stolen out of your car
yeah which I guess is an epidemic in the
what's that called Silicon Valley really
huge for San Jose San Francisco to the
point where the cops were like oh yeah
all right take care did they break into
your car
I guess they they went into the trunk
but like I thought maybe I didn't lock
the door but a bunch people have tweeted
at me saying they have like fucking
decoder things they can just get into
cars Jesus they prey on rental cars
because they know you have suitcases and
shit they see that little no-smoking
thing and that's a thing
yeah so that after that happened we
noticed every restaurant would go to
would see at least like one business guy
with a eating with a suitcase next to
him we're like you got to bring your
shit inside oh it was brutal Silicon
Valley's a weird spot because you have
all these really rich people and then
you have a fucking army of homeless
folks yeah I mean that feels like
America and getting more and more that
was somebody was telling me this Jamie
find out this is true because someone
was telling me that there's a woman that
I know that lives out here and she was
saying that they bust people
bust them in from other cities they take
their homeless people and give them
one-way tickets to Los Angeles I heard
that was Hawaii is that what you said no
oh I heard that happens in Hawaii they
fly them to Los Angeles a good move if
you're in Hawaii good luck in to take it
back you fuck yeah but it's a but if
your boss someday can always
back yeah they're on the same piece of
ground right it's not as effective it's
a good place to fly them to Hawaii I
should just send him back yeah yeah save
a lot of money
I think this had a few jumbo jets get
one of them a 37 as it tends to crash
and make it a I think if she's making a
knight like a fucking private like a Air
Force one where there's like food and
you know foot massager and then they're
like oh wow this is gonna be great and
then you're like no it ain't yeah fly
them into Molokai that's that that
Island that these two send the lepers so
there's an article I just found that was
done by the Guardian in 2017 seems like
a pretty long in-depth article it
doesn't say they're being busts
specifically to Los Angeles but this one
the example they're giving is purchase a
ticket purchase to this guy by the city
of San Francisco and I think this was
sending him to Indianapolis
so he went why 2,300 miles the other way
how weird is that that should be so
illegal to not take care of your
homeless problem but rather to send them
he traveled 2,000 275 miles over three
days to reach his destination in
Indianapolis and then freeze to death
you know how did you go from San
Francisco to Indianapolis you don't have
the proper footwear that sucks cities
have been offering homeless people free
bus tickets to relocate elsewhere for at
least three decades whites
that is gross well if you're just
offering them a ticket yeah but it's
it's not so bad until now there's never
been a systematic nationwide assessment
of the consequences where are these
people being moved to what is the impact
those programs are having on the cities
that send and the cities that receive
them and what happens to these homeless
people after they reach their
destination well the best example of
that was that wild wild country
documentary oh yeah yeah I did
I mean they took over a fucking town
with homeless folks yeah that was one of
those ones every cult thing I watched
the first like half hour I'm like this
seems pretty nice yeah this sounds kind
of Awesome and then slowly you're like
wow maybe it's not a poison to people
fuck it was Scientology was like that
yeah I was watching like a half hour and
I was like I kind of am into this
religion which one going clear the HBO
difference right Alex yeah Alex Gibney I
think yeah it's Lawrence Wright's book
y'all can't go and clear yeah the book
is even more
because it gets obviously like way more
into depth about how crazy l ron Hubbard
was and what he essentially did and how
he started this whole thing and he's he
was self analyzing he was trying to heal
himself because he was fucking crazy
right and along the way he got really
into psychology and self-help books and
then was quoted saying if you want to
make real money
he started religion and then started a
religion yeah well he's not wrong he was
right yeah did all right
this is right watch this graphic that
they used on here I don't have to scroll
down and make it activate but it's it
shows their data showing all these
homeless people getting sent around the
country whoa just like a little dot so
they're sending them from Los Angeles in
New York primarily look at the loads
little sperms by year I can't show the
whole graphics because it was crazy yeah
it's like what is that burst is that
burst from was that Southern California
it looks like San Francisco this is San
Francisco be up here this would be LA
like San Diego but Florida seems to have
the most started in Florida this graphic
starts out in Florida Wow would that
make sense
it's Marines I think too is around that
time period when they got smashed yeah
I like the idea I like ones passing each
other though like it's two homeless guys
passing each other like ships in the
night here's where you don't see him
land Texas Texas doesn't give a fuck
does it shoot you they'll shoot you they
have a hole for homeless people why not
like Wyoming they don't have enough
people up there bears it's fucking it's
hard to live up there they're just not
interested in taking in your homeless
yeah that's a you know when you but by
the time you get to be a certain age and
you're homeless I guess you just have to
accept the fact that this is just life
this is the life you've you know yeah it
seems unpleasant I enjoy having a home
personally me too I like it end it yeah
I like going in there I recommend one
with a lock yeah that's the best so you
could sleep yeah do you like living in
New York I love it yeah but I'm on the
road so much that it's idea where I'm
like I'm never home for really more than
like ten days which with New York is
ideal you ever think about moving on
here not I mean idea the answer is yes
but I don't think I will because I'm
like a road
so la it's tough because you're behind
the eight ball with the time like most
you're three hours behind most of the
market so for flights yeah so you gotta
get up at like 6:00 a.m. or leave the
day before and I like the Comedy Cellar
I like being there I like doing those
like quality spots and you can kind of
do multiple I'm my family's in New
England I like going home to see them do
you work when you're in New England as
well yeah I do laughs Moss great spot
yeah it's cool yeah I'm there at some
point no but like Thanksgiving it used
to be a hundred fucking comedy clubs in
Boston there's to be so many and now
there's just laughs Boston and like what
else
there's the Wilbur yeah the Wilbur
economy stop still around NYX is still
around yeah that's crazy that that place
is still around yeah that's been there
forever but I just work there thirty
years ago
that's amazing I worked there eighteen
crazy yeah but yeah the comedy
connection was like my home oh he did
that one famous all right yeah that was
amazing that is that where you started
yeah I didn't start I started a place
called chops lounge which was like a
true open mic where it was like street
people and fucking many people that had
been bussed in from San Francisco it was
like a sign up and go on and there'd be
like a mixture of comics and then just
weirdos and so I started there and then
I went eventually the comedy connection
I started working there but that's where
I first started opening for people and
doing like real comedy work and it kind
of spawned from there you know I mean
it's weird for us but you know where
it's really weird for it's really weird
if you try to like do open mics and
you're like a singer yeah I don't know
how that works doesn't work well it
works terrible yeah it was comics that
would go to like music open mics I mean
there are music open mics right I guess
I went to a poetry slam open mic nut
once I've been to comedy shows that feel
like poetry slam where you're just like
what I heard there's a lot of like
really ridiculous sort of like woke
comedy being performed yeah definitely
there's a thing where it's now become
oddly hacky they don't realize that
you're like well this is now hack right
where you're like
for white male privilege which I'm like
yeah I understand it's an issue whatever
but you're like seven other comics
started their sentence with that same
way let's say that about me saying sex
jokes were white male privilege is only
a problem because of racism and because
of sexism if racism and sexism are out
of the picture it's not your fault
so your fault you're a white male right
the problem is that some people are not
white males if you're a black woman and
you encounter prejudice everywhere you
go and discrimination everywhere you go
the problem is the discrimination it's
not Joel is being a white male they've
fucked the whole thing up
right because they've really created
resistance where there should be none
because you've made people perpetrators
when they've done nothing wrong
like you just were born a white male you
got unlucky the same way or you got
lucky I should say depending on your
perspective I mean they didn't ask to be
born a black woman someone didn't ask to
be born a Polynesian man you are well
you are you just you are the real
problem is people that care the people
that look at you and go oh it's a
fucking white man great that's what I
want the opinion of another white man
like that is the real problem the real
problem is that sexism that is what
racism we're gonna think it is because
they think you're white and you have
white privilege but you're
discriminating based on something and
someone has zero control over I agree
it's fucking horseshit yeah I feel bad I
was like I'm just trying to tell my dick
and shit jokes and get my 25 bucks and
get out of here yeah but that's like
like I said it people can look at my act
to be like he's talking about dicks and
shit I talk about all kinds of things
sometimes dicks and shit too though yeah
well those are funny discussed
well dicks and shits are funny often
yeah I have to like curb myself from
having um I got too many shit jokes now
this is like 12 minute you got I got a
few I got a chunk but it's funny you
know but it's sometimes you just get on
a run where that's what you're
interested in
yeah well also once you have a bit
that's working you want to extend it and
write other things about it so then
that's the way it goes I had a time
period where I had like four bits about
aliens yeah I was like goddamn this is
too much
you almost once you get to a certain
point you start go
well can I just go all the way and just
do a one-man show about aliens right to
the Edinburgh yeah I'll just be the
alien guy yeah I bet you could you could
be like like have a slideshow behind you
yeah
SETI research the fucking the big dish
that you seen that movie contact Jodie
Foster yeah
I'm not familiar with that movie well
I'm familiar with I never I wasn't into
it you didn't see that never been a big
alien guy no you know believer I feel
like this is the kind of place where you
could produce an alien thing comes and
rapes me well I could show you the
aliens but you're gonna have to not be
sober oh are you you're a fully sober
guy yeah did you suddenly a not sober
guy yeah I was a yeah were you a mess I
mentally I felt like a mess I mean I
wasn't I never killed anybody or
anything but I was a I'm an alcoholic
yeah I shit in the girl's shoe and girl
shoe what'd she do to you
nothing just invited me to stay at her
house I don't remember doing it I was in
a black yeah I was all fucked up and
then I woke up and I had to piss so bad
I just woke up in a bed and I was like I
got a pen I was like let me I don't know
where I am I actually had a flight I had
a cross I was going to the Seattle
Comedy Competition do you ever do that
no it was like it's like a month-long
competition why it's and yeah and it's
not they call it Seattle but it's like
actually all over Washington state it's
like a you drive like three hours and
night it's pretty crazy really yeah but
I had to like be there the next day for
a month
I'd like a 10:00 a.m. flight and I woke
up at like 9 20 in the morning and this
girl's bed and I was like I gotta get
the hell out of here but first I gotta
piss is if I piss in this woman's bed
it's gonna be it's gonna be horrible so
I ran to the bathroom found the bathroom
pissed for like a half hour you know
those and I'm trying to like put my shit
to get my I'm all fucked up and then I
came out into like her living room and
her table had been like smashed like a
chris farley fucking table and you're
that feeling when you're fucked up weird
look at something and you're like that
was definitely me I need just feel like
I'm pretty sure
I'm responsible for that and then I was
like I gotta go find my clothes so I
went back into her room and on the way
there I saw like kind of like footprints
of poo and then I came in and she had a
high-top Nike sneaker that just had like
a yeah and there was some little pieces
around and then there was like a big
puddle of urine till like I didn't just
because you never just shit so I like
pissed and shit
but I got it in her sneaker like no
purpose
well I think I mean I was in a blackout
so but I think what happened was I
thought it was a toilet because I felt
like my sense of humor I'm not like I've
never been like I take a shit places so
I think I just saw a cylinder well if
it's dark it looks it's black and it's a
hole
how big is her fuckin choose real big
feet it was it was a big woman no so I
shit in there and then what did you lose
contact with her after this no sevens I
was like I gotta get out of here cuz I
gotta go catch this flight so I took my
sock and put it on like a like a puppet
like a hand puppet a sock puppet and
just kind of pick it up that way and
then turn the sock inside out right
which like like almost like a shit in a
sock and threw that away and I tried to
wipe up as much of the she asleep
no no they're gone oh my god I thought
it's like 9:30 in the morning I thought
I just went so crazy they all fled their
own home so then I get in the cab to go
to the airport I'm missing my flight and
I text the girl and I was like I am so
so I want to kill myself like I can
never do you tell her that I should know
well I figured she knew so she wrote
back it's okay it was it was crazy crazy
night it was fun or whatever and I was
like man this girl must fucking party
like she's just like okay with me
shitting like this woman's wild so then
I got to the airport flew across the
country miss my flight I got the next
flight out on the plane I like cross my
leg at one point and realized I had shit
like up my pant leg
so head it's like subtly put it down now
we had a middle seat for a full cuz I
miss my door outside of your pond
outside of my pal my shit just like a
good streak like I would say ankle Danny
he didn't go to the bathroom and try
cleaning it up no cuz I was already on
the plane I was in a middle seat and I
it was like caked on there Oman this is
like hours later oh my god so then I
landed took the plane at my phone off of
airplane mode and had a text that was
like holy shit we had no idea how bad it
was and I was like that makes more sense
that is a better reaction yeah cuz I
thought they must so the crazy part is I
shit it was like 9:00 in the morning
they had left shortly it was your shit
yeah they didn't have a dog and I see
they don't just shit in their own shoes
but then I was late so I had to go
straight to the show and I ended up shit
on your pants yeah yeah I with shit my
pants and my leg it was like cake to my
leg hair and it was the first no I don't
think anybody smelled it I don't think
they noticed cuz I think it would been I
don't know no one said anything Joel
this is fine but guys shit so then I
finished I took a shower finally like
twelve hours later I was actually I
remember pulling little piece of shit
out of my leg hair it was the best
shower of my life it felt uh how was
your set good I killed and I ended up
winning that night because they each
night you judged I came in like first
place it was like one of the best sets
I've ever had that sounds like a real
comedian show but shit on your legs and
you win a competition but fucking kill I
love it that was pretty spot and then I
ended up sending this message to these
women I have the message it was on
Facebook so it lives forever but it's
about like this law it's like a 12-inch
it just keeps going I'm like I want to
kill myself I know this happened I
really wanted to die and they were
luckily they were like 22
they were like fresh out of college so
they were like pretty lol forgiving yeah
but they were in the 30s I wouldn't send
you a bunch of crying emojis no they
were just like laughing yeah that's my
favorite one so I sent 300 bucks in a
called my friend Nate bargatze and I was
like how much is 300 bucks like
a good amount and he's like he's from
Tennessee he's like I don't think
there's an amount you can spend so I
sent him a card with 300 bucks and I
didn't really keep in touch with them
but they were they were nice they were
like hopefully you don't get that fucked
up again and then by the way I drank
that and I kept drinking for two more
you think that without him and then I
remember that night being like well I'm
gonna drink again at some point as well
so I drank for like two more years then
I got herpes I tried to stop then too
and then I just kept going fuck it
yeah and what made you hit bottom I
finally just live fucking hated myself I
still do a little bit but not as much
and I just it wasn't fun I knew I had to
quit it's like same as food at some I'm
like at some point I got to stop doing
this isn't a normal amount of drinking
and then it just fucking it kind of
happy I tried to stop a couple times and
I'd go like a few days and and then one
day it was just like a thing of like let
me I'm gonna this is it I'm stopping now
I remember my brother in law his father
had just died it was Christmas as I was
like making it you know when you're
drunk trying to be funny
and I was like busting his balls about
his dad and he was like yeah I'm upset I
remember just feeling like such a
fucking piece of shit and then I
remember like kind of the day after
Christmas I was like I kind of just
blacked out Chris like I came home and I
was like I don't even remember what the
fuck and I was like I gotta stop and
then I was at feel helium in
Philadelphia and I slub yeah and I was
with Gary Gulman open for Gary Gulman
also my career was like kind of shit I
was like 16 years at 15 years in or
actually less than that twelve years in
I guess and I was like I gotta do
something I gotta turn this around so
now I just stopped and I got fucking
really into it into sobriety and it's
like a new life if you're like oh
everything feels new again and fresh
again I go back to this I'll get into
sports again I'll go to museums you're
not tired all the time
yeah I know you just feel better you
have the feel better things huge that's
that's the problem as you're tired all
the time like wouldn't you if you drink
a lot you're always like a little bit
behind the eight ball well I would lose
days of my life cuz I just hung over a
felt like shit and then I realized for
basically a decade
I was drunk or hungover
or just foggy like where you turn your
head and it takes a moment for
everything to kind of like catch up
whereas this fucking foggy mm-hmm and
and just like that deep hatred and I
knew I had to go all in and like I got a
I can't I'm not a guy that's like I'll
have a beer and I never had that even
now when I think about I've sober almost
seven years six and a half years even
now when I think about a drink I'm not
like that'd be fun to have a beer I'm
like I'd be fun to have fucking 500
beers right now yet out again yeah so
and then the problem was you know when
you quit drinking so be like the first
90 days they're like just don't worry
about anything except for not drinking
just eat whatever do whatever and so I
started doing that with food I'm eating
cookies and so and then I just never
started so now I just did that for years
with food and now that's kind of caught
up to me what do you do you think now
how many years have been sober now about
six and a half so you're just sober now
you're cool with it
yeah who you are yeah imagine if you did
a show called joe liske gets fucked up
or it's like you you have handlers to
make sure you don't shit in anybody's
shoe yeah you have everything taken care
of and you go look I haven't had a drink
in six years but I'm sober now I'm
content being sober but for tonight and
tonight only we're having a one night
Joe list gets fucked up special yeah and
you just started a bar and start getting
hammered I think I would have to perform
early and then I'm out doing a show no
no no the show would be just following
you around with cameras well you get
blasted okay because if it's a show I'd
have to do it early oh yeah I'd have to
have like two beers cuz then I'd be
sobbing and be like ah my fuckin is now
it was so bad
no time zero that's the motivate one of
the motivating for me there's a lot but
like the idea of going back to like day
one it's like such a which happens and
it's part of getting sober then people
don't want to disparage people that are
having that happen but like it's such a
bummer to fuckin walk back in there and
be like oh one day happens of course I
knew a lot of guys who had that they
would get sober fucked year
dive back in and yeah I went a day well
I tried earlier I tried to quit drinking
and then I was like oh I smoke pot
though cuz I don't know and then you
realize with wheat like I'm like oh I'm
outside of my mind this is the same as
I'm fucked out like we get high enough
you're like well this is not sobriety
I'm fucking retarded right right right
was it was your thing just not being in
your mind getting outside of your mind
or was your thing blacking out and
ruining your life because the thing the
only thing that's good about pot is you
don't feel terrible yeah well I think I
have like that addictive personality so
then I'd be hile up but now it does seem
like more appealing because nowadays
first of all it's like you can go to
store and there's a guy that's like this
weed makes you feel happy this one
chills you out this one makes you gay
this one's great like before when I was
I just have a big weed guy but I get
drunk and smoke and sometimes you just
smoke some fucking crazy demon weed and
be out of your mind it was just whatever
weed was just weed now it feels like
there's categories and shit dude I did a
b-real smoke box you know be real from
Cypress Hill I died I do now I know
Cypress Hill what be real is you know
the guy would talk raps and the crazy
high-pitched voice dr. feet oh yeah I
did his smoke box and you get in this
Cadillac and you smoke weed until you
are no longer even a person you are just
you are a thought that is like a cork
that's flowing down a raging river
headed to a waterfall like you are so
fucked up yeah and you're trying to have
a conversation and you're being filmed
and these guys do that every day they
just there's people that just get up
litter eat it every day yeah I think
that sometimes weed people don't take it
sick it's like it's just weed and it's a
it's natural whatever but sometimes
there's people that I'm like yeah but
you're fucked up all day every day yeah
if you have an addictive personality and
you have a problem with anything there's
a lot of people that get into that
kratom stuff do you know what that stuff
is mm-hmm
kratom is it's like a plant-based I
think people are trying to call it an
opiate
I don't know if it's technically an
opiate but it's legal you can buy it and
helps people it actually alleviates a
lot of the symptoms of opiates and it
acts as a mild stimulant when you take a
little bit of it like if you take two
pills it's like a cup of coffee it's
like oh I like this is nice but then I
said I wonder what it's like like and I
was asking a friend of mine who takes a
long time ago how much do you take and
he's like I take 10 pills
10 you take 10 like what the fuck is
that like so I did it I tried it I think
I took 8 I don't think I took 10 and I
was fucked up I was like oh you guys are
getting high yeah like this is your hi
I'm Rui right now like this is not like
you're not sober don't tell me you're
sober and you're taking eight pills of
crazy like that stuff gets you high
right you can buy it legally but it's
weird high it's like everything
functions like your muscles and your
arms and everything moves the way it's
supposed to it doesn't feel like you're
uncoordinated or you're tripping and
stumbling or anything like that but your
brain is like this is not sober it's
just like screaming this is not sober
but it's a different kind of this is not
sober interesting yeah you're not you
like I could have a conversation with
you and you might not even know that it
was fucked up on this stuff right and I
could go lift weights I gonna go do
something you wouldn't it wouldn't
impair like you go running on that stuff
so it's like a heady buzz or like a body
to anything right it's a head it's a
weird one like I was really shocked at
how high I got hmm because that felt
like because that's what someone said
they said if you take two pills it has a
mild stimulant effect somewhere two cup
of coffee but if you take multiple pills
then it becomes more of like like like a
downer or not another downer more
relaxing more like an opiate right but I
didn't realize how fucked up you
actually get like you get pretty fucked
up and then you get a tolerance for it
so that a lot of these guys are taking
like 10 pills then going to the gym no
like oh I need it for my back I'm like
you can't blast it yeah that's like that
was booze and all drugs it feels like
you kind of chase that yeah thing I mean
that's yeah yeah well that's the thing
right it's like we were talking about
with smartphones or like we were talking
about video games like things get a get
away from you yeah that's part of the
problem being a comic right like all of
us there's something wrong with your
brain to want to
this right yeah I think there's
definitely some sort of desire this is
some attention you didn't get somewhere
something wrong you're upset about it
and so when you're not on stage or when
you are is you're trying to do something
else to make you forget about that yeah
attention or affection you didn't get
somewhere along the line yeah it's a
fucking if you can harness it though
like that I didn't get enough attention
you can be super beneficial it gives you
insight yeah it'll give you motivation
if you can harness it yeah it's
interesting to go that sort of self
reflecting and therapy or whatever that
whatever your method is or people do it
with mushrooms or whatever but then
introspective of like oh those moments
when you're like I'm doing that because
of that hmm that's neat
yeah then there's the next step of no
longer doing the things you don't want
to do because of that or the habits that
you have and the next step you go to the
rhabdo center and malibu start doing
acid where's Maui Duncan Duncan goes to
Maui every year hang someone Rob Dawson
Wow they meditate that's it so yeah
people come from all of the world to
meet this guy and meditate with him
yeah that's pretty amazing I listen to I
love dick not Han you know that guy no
oh he's a he's a Buddhist monk I think
he's about to die I think he's like in
his 90s he hung out with like MLK back
in the day now okay nominated for the
Nobel Peace Prize he's written like 70
books he's a dick not Han it's th i CH
space Nhat where is he from
he's from Vietnam but now he's been in
he's been living in France for like I
don't know 30 years he's got his own
Meditation Center but he writes all
these books and those videos you can
find do you meditate I do I tried I
tried sometimes I just I'm such a fuckin
anxious guy that it's sometimes hard but
I've read him a lot and jack Kornfield
that's ticked on huh you know ninety
years old he's close he's in his old
picture problem rate but I also yeah I
mean he's a
he's a real Zen master so yeah so maybe
he's gonna live forever or some shit and
then Tara brach I listen to her but he's
old as fuck now her dad that makes more
sense
I'll listen to her like guided
meditation I'll do that but he's an app
I just heard her podcast has like a she
does these guided ones so not an app in
a podcast and that sometimes I'll just
sit have you ever done a float tank yet
no I let your guy I don't know what you
producer I guess was showing it to me
but I feel like I'd have a fucking panic
attack in there you need just open the
door anytime you want okay and it's not
like it closes you in yeah it seems Tara
feel the door just go like just like
that just touch it gently open it's
nothing that's good to know yeah but no
I've never I've never done it I should
but yeah I've had panic disorder
throughout my life and I just for the
first time in like a long time had a
couple panic attacks last week for the
first time in two years yeah
what was fucking with you I think a lot
there's like a well first of all doing
this show is anxiety numb now I feel
like we're just bullshitting I'm just
trying to pretend there's not that's how
it always is lesser of people this is
I'm glad that you got there cuz when we
said in the beginning we almost didn't
start you want to tell people you were
telling me that you were kind of anxious
I was let's just talk let's just uh
we're gonna disarming but oh I'm not
trying to be I appreciate it
I appreciated the you are but I think a
lot of it is like you know this is a
huge show and then my wife was doing
late night last night and then I'm on
the road with Louie and you know he's
this I have a lot of my biggest fears
are being like you know you've disliked
and wanting to be you know these people
I'm a people pleaser as many alcoholics
are so I feel like uh you feel like
you're in the fire in these
controversial situations and the bigger
audience the more people are breaking
down what you're saying and being like
what's up with this fucking guy what is
it like doing the road with are you
doing the road with Louis now yeah well
we've done a few dates I've done a few
dates with them it's great as the
protest died down and there was we just
did act me Minneapolis I think it maxed
out at eight people outside so but for
the most I was like four or five did you
say hi to them no I just walked by I
mean I respect them
doing their whatever they're doing but
misguided yeah you know what what I was
really angry at I was really angry at
comedians response to his leaked set
that was very angry about that yeah it
was strange but I think people get
pulled up into this thing for some
reason there's a thing now where
everyone thinks they're supposed to have
a take on everything mm-hmm exact no
matter what happens they're like I
better come up with a tweet or my take
or anything not actually necessary
people ask you you why don't you have a
take on this right why haven't you
tweeted about this right like there was
a the Christchurch Massacre happened and
I was reading about it and I was like
god damn this is fucking crazy and I'm
reading about this and this guy was a
white nationalist and it said hi to pudy
pie before he went and killed all his
people I'm like what the fuck like what
is this yeah and then I never checked my
mentions and then I just was because I
was on Twitter looking at all this stuff
I saw something that led to something
that someone tagged me and then I looked
at my mentions for a second and like how
come you're not talking about
Christchurch you racist piece of shit
like it just happened
yeah and I don't have a take like what
the fuck am I supposed to say rest in
peace like what does what does anyone
want you to say when a massacre happens
this was horrible everybody knows it's
horrible yeah it's a weird thing now if
you don't denounce something and people
you're like then you're on you're
supporting it yeah and you're like I'm
just trying to with me there's been
situations we're just talking to people
if they don't want you talking to
certain people because those people are
right-wing or those people and if you oh
you must be secretly white right-wing
right I'm not I tell you I'm not yeah I
don't you believe me it's a weird thing
like I'm a liberal gyres call myself a
90s liberal before everything went
sideways yeah I'm not like whatever you
know woke it's happening yeah yeah I'm a
you know yeah Alyssa Milano is calling
for a sex strike yeah I saw that look
well that's what you do when no once you
fucking you anymore
yeah start saying crazy shit like when I
have a stick between us have a
strike ladies you're gonna hold out like
that and Tim Poole had the best take on
that he's saying so men who agree with
you won't get laid right like what it
doesn't even make any sense like but the
idea that it's it's the same thing we're
talking about earlier
they've lumped men into this category
like women are gonna go on strike until
we respect their reproductive rights
within Georgia first of all it's just
Georgia you want to strike for the whole
country that's not gonna help Georgia I
don't know if you understand voting but
that's not how it works
there's state politics local politics
second of all like most men don't have
anything to do with this now we have men
meetings where we get together and say
hey we got to stop these women from dope
they're exercising their reproductive
rights right like what you're punishing
a bunch of people that have nothing to
do with this because we also have
penises like what what's the thought
process there this is so but it's such
an obvious virtue signal it's so obvious
this is like pussy hats the woman's
right we're gonna do this we're gonna do
this but and then we're gonna we're
gonna sex strike and a bunch of her
friends probably like yeah this is gonna
work like this is not how to handle
things it's not us
I've never voted against women's
reproductive rights right if you're
telling like my wife she can't fuck me
because if she does she's not down for
the cause like what you're orchestrating
everyone's sex life that's crazy yes
just gonna make people angry at you it's
a little strange and I'm like that's
that guy's that guy's an asshole can I
still get laid yeah nothing he stinks no
you can't and the you know abortions
such a fucking creepy subject too
because it's such a minefield like if
you're a man and you even talk about it
like first of all why are you talking
about it has nothing to do with you it's
a woman's right to choose and a woman's
body like okay I get it yes but it's a
thing so if it's a thing you're allowed
to talk about a thing right and this
thing happens to be a fetus that could
become a Jo list or a Jamie Vernon or a
Joe Rogan or who it gonna be a person I
think is going me Vernon that guy right
there
oh hey Jay young Jamie so that if as the
fetus grow it will become a person no
I'm not saying you shouldn't
be able to terminate the pregnancy I'm
not saying that but that is what it is
it is it's going to be a person and to
pretend anything else it's like they
don't no one wants you to discuss it
that way like no one wants you to say
that this is a viable offspring it's
going to be a person someday no one
wants you to say that it's just oh
there's a code word it's like a woman's
right to choose just like these these
ways of describing it which I agree with
them I'm not a pro-life person Oh
pro-choice person right but when it gets
to be like five months old and then
people are saying well that's just a
woman's right to choose okay okay it is
it is it is but that's a baby now but
that thing could live outside the womb
but isn't there isn't that law and I
don't even read that with Georgia law
but isn't I don't know the Georgia law
but like this thing with now they can
late-term isn't that specifically if the
baby or mother is in danger
no no not everywhere in some places it
is in some places it's not in some place
you just have the right to have an
abortion up until a certain amount of
time and I think it varies I don't think
there's a federal guidelines I think
that's one of the reasons why Georgia
just instituted this six week thing like
their thing is the moment the child is a
heart break the heart beat and that
apparently is six weeks in right
sometimes people don't even find out
they're pregnant until seven eight nine
weeks in and they're saying they have to
carry the baby yeah it's a fucking
minefield yeah it's a hard and like many
subjects people want it to be just kind
of black and white yeah but we need to
have a sex strike to soothe this out
yeah that's what it is
girls we're gonna go on a sex strike how
many women read that and like yeah none
I want a maybe maybe a few thousand few
crazy bitches just out of there far and
a few men like yes please take it away
from me
please let me show I've hurt you let me
show my virtue yeah I imagine it's a
small amount
imagine being her husband which is a
cool now sex strike that's it sex strike
and she sees the fucking the Twitter
post and she made a poster for it like
with the little fucking pink ribbon and
shit like good Christ he's probably like
it just he's probably talking to his
lawyer
like what okay what would I lose okay if
we let if I left right now like how much
would I have to pay like what if she can
test that okay and then how much of the
legal fees how many what is this like an
average amount of time you have to spend
in court it's all men they all did it no
sex for any man until we get our rights
well it's a very similar I mean isn't
that the mindset of racism yes exact a
similar mindset of like how someone was
murdered at least you know six guys in
the train were yelling at me exactly no
more Latinos on the train yeah a hundred
percent it's the same things
generalizations and the idea that you
have anything to do with other males and
it's even crazier than racism because
it's like the whole gender it's the
whole gender it's like not not just like
just white guys suck no it's like
fucking everybody sucks nobody gets any
pussy right for until we sort this out
yeah but I but do you think maybe a part
of it is just that what is this Jamie oh
this is Bridget my friend Bridget call
me but you know what's funny is yeah she
liked it Alyssa Milano liked it that's a
good joke she's got and she's funny
Bridget fantasy is very funny but she's
got to know that was a ridiculous thing
to say sometimes you swing any miss just
like sometimes you have a joke that you
try out and it bombs will fuck this joke
yeah I've been on jokes where I'm like
oh no one even realized an attempt at
humor had just been laid
those are like oh sorry you know what's
weird when a line kills at one show and
then dies at the next show no I swear
that's the same joke yeah it's crazy
sometimes bits just work for like weeks
and then go and then they stop and
you're like what the fuck happened here
I think it's your enthusiasm for them
yes that's part of it yeah and it feels
more fresh at the beginning and yeah you
start faking the funk and the crowd
starts to smell it yeah you don't give a
fuck about the subject they can smell it
on me what movie is this they can smell
it on me sure is that dog can smell it
anybody what is it there was a Tim Roth
in Reservoir Dogs Oh
I do one impression and it's Tim Roth
and Reservoir Dogs and that's not even
great because he's got British but he's
doing an American accent so sometimes it
kind of sounds weird they can smell it
on me that's what he's in the drug deal
oh yeah on that story that was a good
fucking movie I loved that movie
I met Quentin Tarantino he's an odd
fellow he's a wonderful artist but yeah
he's a little bizarre it's very odd but
he's a fantastic director but he had all
bombshell with him oh I was like to be
uh oh the woman this what that guy looks
like to be with with her like wolf boy
did you figure it out
okay I'm not gonna do impressions so
will you pissed off when that Louie CK
recording got release and comics were
denouncing it yeah I was weird I mean
it's a bummer looking first of all
people a lot of people were like these
aren't even jokes he's not even joking
anymore and you're like no no they're
jokes like I understand if you're don't
like it or you're offended but you're
like they're definitely jokes he's on
stage he doesn't really think that they
threw a fat kid in front of them and
right that's not how he feels he's
saying something that's fucked up and
funny and it's funny because it's fucked
up because you're not supposed to say it
which is the exact thing he's done his
whole career right and it's a new bit
wasn't it supposed to be bright part
outside of it wasn't done and for these
people look there's a lot of times
you'll say something one way and then
you're like that's not working and then
you'll figure out another way to sneak
in through the back door and it works
way better and then if they heard the
first way and like this joke sucks like
no no I figured out I say it later but
now it's already on YouTube you've
ruined the material yeah I mean he
dropped the bit because it's just kind
of like yeah it's okay too much but I
had a fucking hilarious line if you want
people to forget about you jerking off
make jokes about kids getting shot yeah
there's also a funny line where he's
like why are you in a suit which is
funny but yeah and then people were
talking about how now the parents have
to hear this and stuff and you're like
well they weren't going to you took it
and put it out in CBS picked
and put it on CBS so now they're hearing
it but before that there was just a
hundred and eighty people in Long Island
hearing it and yeah which thought it was
supposed to be but the thing about
working on material is if you like
comedy you can't release people shit
like that because you're never going to
get good comedy because everyone's gonna
like everytime Dave Chappelle does you
know work out set or anybody you're
gonna get these half-cooked bits and
then you're gonna release them and it's
gonna ruin it for you it's gonna ruin it
for you for the people that listen it's
like for the people that are in the room
that's for them right if you're taking
it out like there's been a lot of talk
about Louie making this copyright thing
saying that you know that there was a
legal action if you print or you do
anything to record or do anything to put
the material online right and someone
saying he can't do that I'm like well
why can't he do that did you know the
difference between that and music like
if you go to hear someone sing a song
and you write down the lyrics go oh my
god Gary Clark jr. has this amazing new
song here's the lyrics that doesn't ruin
the song right but if you say oh he's
got this hilarious joke and the twist is
he says this well you just fucked that
bit up for everyone that's ever gonna
listen to it read that right yeah it's a
it's frustrating it was a frustration
when there people start being like he's
all right now he's gonna do people are
goddamn crazy but the comedians that
denounced it we're embarrassing so I do
you not know what a workout set is do
you understand this guy was out of
comedy for almost a year do you know
that this guy was doing a fucking hour
after being out of comedy for almost a
year
fuck you stop pretending that what you
do is different stop in and so many
people were doing it like it turned out
that they had a bunch of jokes that were
awful or about a mass shooting or about
pulling your dick out in front of
someone or about anything along those
lines it's also a bad precedent to start
where I'm like do we really want to
start publicly shitting on comics
unfinished bits exactly that seems like
I don't want that no list at fucking
cellar and he's got this hack then
you're like Oh give me a moment or tell
me behind the closed doors that
like this hacky or something how long is
your a bit ready before like do you have
a Comedy Central special you have
something right I did it Ivan Netflix
half-hour and I did a Comedy Central
half-hour okay
so how long did you have to work on
those bits before you were ready to put
them on Comedy Central or Netflix quite
a while I like to do a bit at least
three months before it's somewhere yeah
yeah yeah and it depends on the bit
right some bits are pretty fucking good
a couple weeks in yeah and other bits
I've got a couple bits of my act now I'm
I'm like this motherfucker needs an
overhaul and I don't even know where to
start
yeah I've had bits that I did done for
two years and then you finally find a
line you're like ah there we go that's
it and then you're like now it's more of
a bit exact because it takes it takes
time to figure it out and but yeah it's
comics should but I understand people
people hate Lou and they're gonna hate
him so whatever he does or says they
hate him so don't believe it you know
what I think a lot of it is I think
people are justifiably upset at the idea
of him jerking off in front of women
that didn't want him to here's there's a
couple factors that though one is that
he asked you know yeah it's a weird
thing to want to do jerk off in front of
people but he asked and a lot of these
stories the way you're getting the
version of it it's like worst case
scenario it's like he blocked the door
he didn't block any doors okay you know
and they were laughing like people were
joking around like it became this
traumatic thing years later talking
about it after the fact but then on top
of that it's like God don't you think
the guy has suffered enough like when
when is he suffering enough you you see
this lack of empathy with people where
they don't even want to respect that
he's a human being they don't they don't
want to appreciate any of his old work
they don't want to they don't have
anything that he could do that would
make them just go alright well I know
you're not gonna do that again and you
seem like a reasonable person it's like
we like you can't be your past you're
not the guy who shit in that sneaker
right your Joe list today Yeah right yes
he wants to be remembered for the worst
right thing they did it's and it's I
think it's just a thing where they know
it's an easy target
I really do
I think at a certain point in time
people just decide that this is a guy
that you can take a free shot at and you
can shit on them and you can attribute
things to him that aren't true you can
attribute tribute a bunch of things to
him that are not accurate right and it's
easy like like calling them alright or
saying Louis CK's showing his true
colors now Jesus Christ go back and
watch his bit about hitting a deer okay
it's a fucking ridiculous really funny
material and that's what I enjoyed about
his act right this that that bit if left
alone I mean it's an out of his act now
but if left alone in X amount of time he
would have crafted that into a great bit
I'm sure of it yeah I agree and there's
so there was a bunch of shitty fucking
half-assed comics that came out and
we're talking trash about it and I was
like you guys should shut the fuck up
because this this whole art form is
about trial and error this whole art
form is about being able to work it's
one of the rare things that we need a
crowd to in order to for these things to
come alive we had it and you have to
take chances I just saw ironically with
Louis I went we went and saw Apocalypse
Now during the Tribeca Film Festival and
Francis Ford Coppola was there and he
came out he spoke about the film
beforehand and after hmm and Robert
Duvall was off also there he came out
and went charlie don't surf it was
amazing
and it was really unbelievable but
Coppola was talking after the film and
he was like I don't have you know the
whole story about Apocalypse Now that
documentary hearts of darkness which is
amazing and like he put like his house
up for sale to like or put everything on
the line to make the movie himself and
he was talking about you have to take
chances with art he's like there's no
art without taking big chances yeah and
I mean that's you're taking a chance by
doing a joke I mean I wouldn't do a joke
about the fuckin shooting but I wouldn't
either but but you know it's it's a risk
and it might go bad and it went well he
got laughs yeah it got laughs but
certainly if you take anything outside
of comedy comedy club and put it out in
the public it's not for those peoples
for the people that bought the ticket
well it's also in context of the
experience of being in a comedy club
having a couple drinks watching a
hilarious
I talk some shit especially a guy coming
back after a national scandal worldwide
worldwide scandal yes you know and it's
just look I wouldn't joke around about
them getting shot either but one of the
things that made that bit work was that
yes it was a horrible tragedy yes those
kids went through that yes they're
teenagers yes they're trying to figure
out life and they're being interviewed
on CNN and some of them were changing
their opinions and and they're
developing and growing as we speak but
like one of them like that David hog guy
he wrote fuck the patriarchy on his
Twitter the other day like that was his
tweet like and not even as a joke like
that's an 18 year old that's what kids
do yeah they say silly shit that's why
the bit worked right I was like why are
you interesting right you know like why
do I have to hear from you
but well you have to hear from them
because their friends got shot me but no
one obviously like that's not you this
is not a conversation to sustain the
comedy it's an art form and saying
things that are funny that are fucked up
that's part of the art form if you deny
that you just either you that's like not
the kind of comedy you like or you don't
appreciate what comedy is yeah and also
it's a weird thing where I'm like I'm
for those kids yes that's great like
this horrible thing happened and you're
like we're gonna use what power we have
them like I think that's great yes and
they might actually fucking do something
I mean it's like they're making changes
and I'm like it's like fucking power to
the people god bless you but I can still
laugh at a joke about it it's still
funny to me to see someone be like why
are you in the suit you can both things
can exist you can have empathy for
murder victims and even be like rooting
for me like wow that's amazing what
these kids are doing or he's dead Joe
and still be like that's funny it's
funny it's it's not his best joke but it
wasn't done you fucks and here's the
other thing like do you know Brian
Holtzman is I don't think so got to see
him when you're in town if you can he's
fucking hilarious he's a legitimate
maniac he's okay a legend in Los Angeles
started when I started The Comedy Store
in 94 he was already there and he's
really fucking funny but he had remember
when susan smith drowned her kids that
lady she pushed her fucking
into a river or something and drown her
kids no but it sounds silly he was on
stage a very short amount of time
afterwards going ladies and gentlemen I
heard those were bad kids he goes I
heard they sat that close to the TV they
never put away their blocks there was
spilling their fucking milk those kids
will not be missed
yeah and you were just like it's not he
didn't really think those were bad kids
yeah it's a fucked up thing to say that
happens to be funny yeah you might not
be into that kind of humor that's okay
well that's part of I think what comedy
is or has always been is saying a thing
you're not supposed to say that's me the
very idea of comedy yes is you're saying
abnormal things right like you talking
about coming in your own face and or
someone coming in your face yeah you're
not supposed to express your sexually
desires so openly it's not it's not that
you really mean that I do that's funny
right right I think so right it wasn't
really funny it's an art form that is
often cited or quoted as if it's a
statement you know like he said this
like yeah he said that onstage in a
comedy club as a part of a big giant
chunk about this and you're taking out
of context and you do it in the worst
possible way you put it in print of
course it looks terrible yeah course
looks terrible in print because it's not
in a comedy club but it's not in context
it's like that has no relationship to
the actual bit itself you're a print
version of it it's not it's a lie you
should go to jail for saying that's the
joke you're a liar you're a liar you're
defaming someone you're taking what
they're doing and you're pretending that
what they were saying is what they mean
right you know that's not what they mean
that's I don't care
remember that Lenny boots and this in
the movie Lenny I think what he talked
about
they were like reading his act yes but
you're not saying it right exactly it's
the same thing it's look no one thinks
school shootings are a good thing no one
does no no one does they they're doing
jokes about it because we know it's a
horrible tragedy
that's why jokes work and they don't
they don't work because you mean
don't work because you're horrible they
work because everyone knows you're
joking if everybody really thought you
were horrible person and you were happy
that people get shot they wouldn't laugh
at a goddamn thing you said right that's
it's a it's a fucking weird art form
it's a weird art form and for it to be
dismantled and disrespected the way it
is where people are what people break
down people's bits and and take them out
of context like that it's it's so
foolish and the fact that people don't
stand up for it that are in the art form
itself that drives me fucking crazy it
drove me anger there's a bunch of people
don't even talk to anymore I'm like I'm
not talking to you anymore like this is
what you're gonna do if I do a bit
that's half cooked and and then you're
gonna talk shit about me right
like this you're doing this for your own
favor you're not doing this for the art
form you're not doing you're not an
empathetic person you're not looking you
don't looking at him as a human being
saying well clearly the guy fucked up he
made some mistakes and it was good but
look that if you listen to that set
that's a good set especially for a guy
who's been out of comedy for almost a
fucking year yeah it's gotten a lot
stronger I'm sure he's a hilarious
comedian I mean he's gonna get to a
point where he's got a real motherfucker
of an hour and then someone's gonna have
to figure out whether or not they're
willing to take a chance and put it on
well take your time but earlier to me
can also just put it on YouTube his
website or YouTube yes yes I hope he
does that you know I mean this idea that
he should be punished for eternity it's
like it's what are we Catholics like
what's going on here like what is this
do you know what did he do I mean he did
something that caused wound up crossing
him 35 million dollars a massive public
shame still to this day more than it's
almost like two years later was like a
year and a half now yes November 2017
yeah what the fuck
like what do you want them to do you
know I mean we're not talking about
Harvey Weinstein here and this idea that
you're you know the you not even
supposed to compare offenders you know
you're not supposed to make judgment
calls well of course you are
that's why some people go to jail for
life and some people go to jail for two
years and this is this is the reason why
we have lesser punishments for lesser
crimes right right yeah there's a system
yeah please if you ask people if you
in front of him and they say no and you
don't jerk off in front of them good for
you
you got some restraint if you ask people
if you can jerk off in front of it and
they say yes and you do it like maybe
it's a weird thing to do
yeah but you're not Bill Cosby okay to
say that you're not supposed to make
these comparisons it's like this is a
loaded subject - right we're talking
about this and I see you're nervous oh
yeah I'm terrified but ya know I love I
love Louie I love Louie - he's a great
comic yeah he's a great guy
also but yeah I understand people are
upset I get it I get it but I think it's
disproportionate I really do you know I
have a degree yeah hardly but yeah how
long do you think it's gonna be before
people just let it go well I think I
think there's actually uh the group
feeling that are really upset about it I
think it's probably like a quarter of a
million people that's a lot of people
it's a lot of people but there's like
300 million people in the country maybe
it's less than a quarter of a million
it's I don't I think it's the minority
so you think most people like ah he did
something crazy but the other thing is
like you want to kind of see the guy who
joked off in front of women so people
want to go see I mean the shows I mean
I'll read Twitter and stuff sometimes
I'll go on a little hangout and I'll
just search his name to see I mean one
time we went out to eat in New York and
there was a kid you know like a hipster
he looked similar to me actually uh-huh
but like a young kid and he stopped and
just like stared at us and was like I
think started taking photos and then he
left and then I looked up Louie's name
on Twitter and I found the kid yeah and
he wrote just all caps just gave Louie
the finger which he didn't and then he
wrote you signaling and then he wrote
attention NYU students there's all caps
louis c.k is in the neighborhood make
him uncomfortable exclamation point we
were like that's like psychotic you're a
but that's what I was talking about
earlier that I think he's a target and I
think they just decide that this is what
they're gonna do now and yeah like that
guy was saying that he gave me the
finger when he did and that's the virtue
of signaling aspect of it it's one of
the weirdest parts about social media
because these people that ordinarily
like in a real world scenario you have
an opportunity
say something if you really feel so
compelled the guy's right in front of
you you don't say shit and then you get
online and tell other people to do it
right are the people to make them
uncomfortable well for the most part
yeah well we'll go around and it is
everything is it's the weird thing about
online most people are much different in
person because you realize it's a human
being I think the natural thing is like
oh this is a person exactly and then you
know we'll go to like these kind of
hipster e coffee shops where you think
that that kind of person would be and
there he goes hi how are you can I get a
cot and they go oh sure yeah that nobody
how many people get dirty looks and
stuff yeah their clothes there's way
more online than then not online but
that's a shows the shows are all selling
out and there's a few people outside
does he ever talk to those people
Outsiders you just get in no I don't
think so how does he get in this kind of
a back don't we sweat in the back and
you know good for them I think that
they're misguided no she said but yeah I
I think they want him to be this evil
person they should be protesting against
but I think if you look at it on paper
what he did was just not good it's like
it's it's you know the worst that I had
heard was that some people's careers had
suffered because they were talking about
it alright that's someone but I don't
know
how much of that is accurate I don't
need to find out about that yeah I don't
I don't know either I don't know the
whole thing I always feel like I love
Louie he's one of my best friends now
which is weird to say but we're close
but I don't really begrudge the women I
think that two different people can have
the same experience and take different
things from a few different ways mister
and I understand sexuality is weird so
like they could in the moment and his
perception might be well they said yes
and I think he kind of talks about this
a little bit on standing I don't want to
tell his feelings were stories to tell
but I think one person can be like I
thought they were into I thought they
were saying yes they're into and those
women can say can feel yeah we kind of
said yes but we felt fucked up and
pressured to people can have the same
experience and have different
perspectives so I don't horse
yeah but grudge getting the women I
understand that they are hurt and feel
mistreated even if they say yes you're
still and you see something you didn't
want to see
like whoa and then you can never unsee
it yes like it's in your head
yeah I understand they're affected by it
but but your table in front of you know
I keep asking I'll do it no no I asked
them to committee me he has to ask first
maybe that's his thing now maybe I
initially I blew it maybe you have to
like pretty shy yeah so you know what I
would hate if you jerked off on me see
like drop hints yeah yeah maybe I will
but he's but he says he's a good person
and a great dad and I love him I love
the guy yeah everybody wants to erase
everything he's ever done
so like didn't FX like not just cancel
it but they made the show unavailable
yeah I think you can get on iTunes but
yeah it's done and then I think he's
still on Netflix though yeah but yeah
you can still see but they cancelled the
new one that he was gonna do yes and
then pets too they'd really got rid of
him yeah so it was a bummer but it's
weird with people I mean shouldn't we be
empathetic to all people yes I think we
should and I think you know maybe it
would serve him if he went out and
talked about it extensively like it had
a conversation about like maybe video
tape did or something I don't know like
people had his take on it other than
that little letter that he brought right
after it happened yeah maybe that would
help yeah which I thought was a good
apology a good statement I thought yeah
some people will never be happy
and some people were happy with it and
some people just felt like it wasn't
enough that you know who didn't
specifically say I am sorry you know I
feel horrible I'm sorry I did this he
basically said he did it and those
stories are true and that he fucked up
and he thought that they you know he
thought that but them saying yes that
that was okay but meanwhile he took
advantage of the fact they admired him
yeah and he's very yeah yeah he
expressed regret yeah well like but like
you said just come people are gonna be
unhappy no matter no matter what no
matter what even if he said I am sorry
that's not good enough you're only sorry
because you got caught like people
they're always going to have there's
some people that are just not empathetic
and this is what what I really got very
angry about with
the the the leak of the recording my
cats not his best material of course
it's not even it hasn't done comedy in
10 months like when I was hearing it
from other comedians I'm like do you how
do you how do you do this right don't
you do the same thing we do right like
what are you doing he's a fucking person
he's a human being he's a year and a
half of him being stared at everywhere
he goes
yeah and fucked with he gets it and
losing friends yes I'm sure
yeah but he those friends if he lost
some friends he's better off if he lost
friends because of that like if that was
Ari I would call him up like if there
was a New York Times article about Ari
jerking off in front of people
I'd be like bro I'm a little hurt you
never jerked off in front of me I
wouldn't I would if he Sai got fucked up
like I've had conversations with Ari
about things where you know he's like I
fucked up I should've done that was a
bitch move like he'll tell you yeah you
know like you can't do anything like
you've once you're my friend
like let's you're out there murdering
kids or something or doing something
really fucked up or actually raping
someone yeah any friends of Louie los
for that like come on man what did you
think do you think it was a perfect
person he's a nut it's a maniac
goddamn professional comedian right
right you know yeah we're flawed people
yeah that's how it all comes out good
it's like there's got to be something
fucked up about your head where you can
come up with these and another one that
drives me crazy is these guys who you
know are freaks and they're out of their
fucking mind off stage but on stage they
have like sort of a more squeaky-clean
thing and their public thing is more
squeaky clean and they're judgmental
about it like oh my god like please stop
you're fucking crazy as anybody you just
have a good squeaky clean act so shut
your hole yeah sometimes I think the
people with the cleanest acts are the
wildest animals it's often the case yeah
it's often the case yeah
which is fine man like perfect samples
Brian Regan in a good way he is so
fucking funny and so clean the funniest
yeah you go this guy's gotta be fucked
up there's got to be something wrong
with ya
nothing
with a super normal friendly guy nice to
everybody great guy the nicest guy what
is in your dungeon sir what time we were
hanging out and he was smoking a cigar
and I thought it'd be funny to say hey
can I get a little bit of that cigar
that's such a ridiculous and he was like
oh sure and I was like what I'm kidding
I wouldn't put my mouth on your cigar
but you would enjoy it
yeah that was strange and a blunt you
deal with a blunt which is kind of half
join half cigar
yeah maybe actually I'm the asshole on
this story maybe he's not even that nice
it's just as normal no that is a weird
thing to ask a cigar feels very personal
to and you're like it's yours for like
an hour
exactly yeah actually it's just kind of
a quick well yeah joints to hits like if
you have a whole joint yourself you're
greedy yeah it's also there's like a
camaraderie thing that comes from
smoking joints together
yeah agree yeah ready right here chest
over there that's a full chest filled
with weed wow isn't that uh can you get
in trouble for that
no it's legal but with that much
couldn't get you four in ten distribute
or something no it's legal here really
case
yeah marijuana is legal but like guns
are illegal that guy had a thousand they
but that guy had illegal sales he was
selling I got yes I say they got tipped
off that he was a dealer he's probably
selling it to gang members and drug
dealers and such oh no oh Tom do you
think about having just a little weed
just a little it's a little touch but
would you just go start shooting heroin
like immediately no I don't think I
would do that but I don't I don't think
weed does not as much excite me or
anything
what does drinking yeah I mean I drank I
mean I still I joke about it like I love
my sobriety but like one and a half
vicodin and three beer was like the best
I've ever felt in my life
yeah and like a cigar what I went to
Baghdad I did like USO thing with Nate
bargatze and we had like we bought
Cubans and I had some vikon I took like
a vicodin I don't know if he did I don't
want to I don't think he did but I'd
like a vicodin we had a couple beers and
a cigar we're at Saddam Hussein's palace
and
in the moment I was like this is the
best I've ever felt did you do stand-up
over there yeah what is it like doing
stand-up for the troops over there it
was fine it was amazed the most grateful
audience they were like so nice and kind
and it was really cool I mean some of it
suck because someone was like 2:00 in
the afternoon
and there's like 12 guys it's fucking a
hundred degrees they're holding rifles
being like what the fuck is this
that was the show a couple of them yeah
some but some of them were like the ones
in Kuwait we're better because that was
like not a war zone and you're on a base
and they'd be like a hundred people but
some of them were like just in the
middle of the 11 o'clock in the morning
in the middle of fucking Baghdad Wow
but it was pretty amazing like we got to
fly on these Blackhawks and we were in
Baghdad we went by the post cross swords
and stuff where the statue was pulled
down and shit what did you do when you
were in Sodom Hussein's palace that
became like an American base we stayed
there Wow yeah it's kind of a DIN Sodom
Hussein's Powell yeah yeah I don't think
I did I think Nate and I shared a room
and I asked he said no I would have to I
think I'd feel compelled I'd be like bro
you're gonna have to leave the room I
got a I got a goal I got to check
something off the list it's it's a
bizarre feeling cuz you know we like it
was like yeah we took over and then just
made this palace into him face and
there's like a driving range you can
like hit into like his prayer pond or
whatever whatever the fuck it's like
reflection pools got a prayer pond
filled with golf balls yeah that's
hilarious and they sell Cubans and like
the lobby America yeah we're somewhere
were we are fucking something yeah but
now it was amazing it was awesome one
side we were on the Black Hawk
helicopter and they shoot flares out for
whatever I can't remember why on every
flight but they didn't tell us that so
all of a sudden you just hear like and
you feel the heat and I thought we were
in a fucking battle like I almost shit
might be like it felt like you know you
don't have to shit and all of a sudden
you're like business shit I could shit
right now yeah it was that feeling your
body tries to evacuate anything in there
because it thinks it's in danger yeah so
like with spiel we want to be able to
run let's get on yeah yeah
when you get really nervous like that
that's that you immediately have to piss
and shit yeah I just took a huge shit
right before this show did you use the
little buttons on the toilet to shoot
water up your asshole it wasn't here I
was afraid you'd beat me up if I should
so is that the Starbucks you know who
did do that James Brown when you that's
one of the ways he got arrested he shot
up someone who used his toilet oh shoot
out with the cops not which there's a
picture of him his mug shot right out
there and was from that arrest Wow
yeah yeah I should at Starbucks I was at
the Starbucks across street by the way
and homeless cooties I was in line and
like a dude a white dude with a
skateboard just cut in front of me in
the line is very bizarre and I said what
I'm in I'm in next and he's like can I
just buy some gum he was buying
Starbucks gum which is already a red
flag and I was like I guess I mean I was
in LASIK I'm I didn't even work in five
minutes whoa what a dick I didn't know
you could do that you can't do that all
right I don't have to be anywhere should
we talk to you like that that was early
but yeah he looked at me like I was an
asshole yeah he's a dick I was like
maybe you shouldn't be buying gum also
maybe you might want to find a different
means of transportation than a
skateboard yeah you're late fuck yeah
you're fucking late loser I'm gonna be
at work in five minutes and I need gum
what do you do do you talk clothes for a
living yeah a fucking jerk-off he
probably listening he does nobody does
didn't know where I was going didn't
know he's probably I'm so sorry bro yeah
I didn't want to get knocked at work get
in trouble man yeah it was last time you
had a job 2007 which this I worked at
Sears I did loss prevention oh it was
amazing it was one of the best day jobs
ever really well my cousin was the boss
which helped and he let me work from
10:00 to 6:00 which is great comedy
hours mm-hmm and then we were like
plain-clothed i guess just uh oh so he
just walked around busted people
stealing yeah it had like a little radio
on the the belt and then we had a crazy
camera system for 2007 like it was I
think we had 82 cameras and you could
zoom and shit you just watch people all
day and then you'd walk around the store
and be like we
to keep an eye on the camera 1100 CE
like a secret agent it was fun it was
really fun and we got to stop
shoplifters and shit it was amazing I
missed I actually miss it it was really
fun Wow I used to work for a private
investigator and similar yeah it was it
actually turned out it was one of those
people where you meet and you go this
guy should be a comedian he was
hilarious name is Dave dull and he's
dead now and I keep a voicemail message
from him just because he was such such a
character he was just such a fucking
character and he was hilarious and he
got a DUI and they took away his license
and what he really needed was not an
assistant you needed her driver so I
just had a good have a good drivers
license so but I was working as an
assistant and then we became friends and
we bus people mostly people that were
stealing insurance money
they were like doing things like
pretending they were injured and they
take another job on the side and then
would catch them we'd have to get there
like five o'clock in the morning and
wait for them to get up and go to work
and then follow them take pictures of
them and shit that's fun it was fun gig
yeah was fun it was real fun too because
he was actually cousins with Bill Downes
who was one of the owners of the comedy
connection bill nobody downs that's it
yeah me too many times and that was Dave
was his cousin so it's like just dumb
luck I became friends with this guy but
from driving him around and his cousin
was the guy one of the guys that owned
the comedy connection well yeah I loved
working at Sears it was fun I feel like
comedians are actually good at that jump
is where yeah I prepare and we're doing
a lot of judging anyway so you want you
like an audience come in you're like
that guy's gonna hate me this woman is
too drunk that guy's fat right and I
think it's similar to chocolate you like
something's up with this guy
well it's also like it sounds like a job
that doesn't suck like you can wander
around no one's telling you what do it's
not like you're stuck at a fucking desk
going over stupid numbers or something
you don't give a fuck about yeah and
it's low maintenance physically I know
guys in New York that are like movers
for their day job and I'm like you can't
have a fucking manual labor job like you
get up at all carrying couches like
you're not gonna hit an open mic at 8
p.m. you're gonna be
exhausted yeah but I loved it and having
your cousin as the boss is great I
streak through a Sears at the my last
day you took your clothes off I yeah we
decided well I didn't want to I couldn't
go naked because it's like a sex crime
so I covered my face with a brown paper
bag and bought like a candy thong
necklace at the home I can't a necklace
the candy thong at Spencer's gifts and I
wore that my buddy just sent it to me I
hadn't seen it like 12 years it's a sex
crime if you take your clothes off yeah
if you run through naked yeah hilarious
that's a sex crime so I was like I
better have no clothes on which is how
you are naturally born you are a walking
sex crime I get you can't have people
running around naked it's do a minute
wait a minute but why not what is the
problem okay if a woman walked through a
store naked do you think she should go
to jail I don't think she I just think I
would assume she has mental problems I
think she just likes to be naked if a
gal goes through a place like maybe
you're at Target and some some gout
sighs take off her clothes and walk as
far as she can through target before
they arrest her
yeah are you in support of her being
arrested and taken to a jail and hit
with a sex crime no I'm not in support
of that but I there's a lot of things
that rules in laws that I'm not in
support of that it seems like it's okay
if a guy gets arrested doing that well
it depends on what he's doing I suppose
so I feel if a guy's running around
naked maybe just running and jumping
around inside target yeah that guy's a
criminal I don't know is he harder
that's a good question it's very
interesting it's a hard yeah he's hard
he goes straight to jail
well that's like a right to the electric
chair that's what particular sexual but
that does cock yeah yeah it's electric
condom what if he's got all his clothes
on except for his cock and balls and
he's just he's just riding out you know
he's got a just coming out of the
antenna rule in San Francisco like you
can't walk around naked you just can't
have a hard-on that's really that's what
I just heard Bryan Callen say that much
Google that Google that we need to find
out this true in New York I know in the
park you can be naked
I think naked you can walk around
topless I've seen a couple of women
women are allowed to go topless because
men used to be able to go
well men could go topless forever but
there was a rule that said the women
couldn't and women are like well this is
bullshit and they're right and I think a
lot of them didn't even want to be
topless right but they were like well
this has fucked up people telling us
that our nip like Sarah Silverman Sarah
Silverman just posted on Instagram of a
photo of her mirror like her bathroom
mirror you can see her tits in the
mirror she did it on purpose to like
make a point like why first of all she
did it because she has great tits
okay I just want everybody to see your
great tits anything they're pretty
fantastic I've missed it I'm bummed but
also like why is it okay if you could
see my tits why is it okay to see my
nipples but you can't see her nipples
like what do we babies I agree that's
free the nipple I'm for it
Instagram is really hardcore on that but
Twitter you could do porn yeah
they'll have porn on fucking Twitter
there's porn olds I follow porn stars
they watch them fuck maybe some porn you
think so yeah why not I got a dick you
do have a dick yeah that's right here
yeah it's nice do you think that you
should be arrested if you just walk
around naked if I was making the rule I
don't know it's hard because it's uh
it's on what you do with it if you'll
rub it on people yeah yes yeah and kids
kids point you and laughs and you go
home that's the thing it depends I mean
there should be adult areas where you
can walk around naked I think the nude
beach yes they have those they have
those yeah but arrested I don't know I
would just assume someone is a little
off mentally I'm walking around naked
where our society norms worth so yeah I
don't think so it sounds like a guy
Society sounds like a horse that wins
the Kentucky Derby says that they
changed the public nudity law in San
Francisco and like 2013 I think but we
were there when you shot your special
and a hundred percent I was at the top
of Lombard Street and there was a large
gathering of naked people so oh I don't
know what the fuck that was about
nonsense so there was they didn't get
it's not there's cops right there they
didn't stop them from doing anything
like pictures of it so I don't know what
that was about what are we gonna do I
gotta wrap this up Joe last you're a
funny motherfucker thanks for having me
she ate your shit comedies very funny
I hope was a
okay you're great and people could see
your Netflix special it's available and
Comedy Central that you have it online
too right yeah it's online the Netflix
thing is uh the standup season two of
the stand-ups it's a half-hour and I got
a couple albums online Joel this would
be with me tonight
at The Improv it's sold out two shows
with Bert Kreischer and Andrew
motherfucking Santino that's it folks
bye everybody
thank you bye Julis thanks thank you Joe
those comedies that you're what's yours
comedy Instagram and Twitter all right
bye